8-K false 0000866291 0000866291 2023-09-21 2023-09-21 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01. Other Events. On September 21, 2023, Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the “Company”) allocated a $250,000,000 tranche (the “Incremental Term Loans”) of term loans maturing in 2030, the proceeds of which are intended to be used to refinance all outstanding term loans (the “Existing Term Loans”) under the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among the Company, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents, arrangers and lenders from time to time party thereto (such refinancing, the “Credit Agreement Refinancing”) and to finance the previously announced merger of Silicon Structures LLC with and into Crocus Technology International Corp. (the “Merger”). The Incremental Term Loans are expected to be documented as an incremental amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Company’s Credit Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2023, by and among the Company, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents, arrangers and lenders from time to time party thereto, and are expected to amortize at a rate of 1.00% per annum. It is expected that the Amendment will provide that the initial margin applicable to the Incremental Term Loans will be 2.75% for term SOFR-based loans and 1.75% for base rate loans. The foregoing transactions are subject to execution of the definitive documentation with respect thereto and other customary conditions. The Credit Agreement Refinancing with the Incremental Term Loans is anticipated to close concurrently with the Merger. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully complete the transactions, on the terms described above, or at all. The foregoing may contain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, our financing plans and the details thereof, including the proposed use of proceeds therefrom, the expected timing of the Credit Agreement Refinancing with the Incremental Term Loans and the consummation of the Merger and the ability to close such transaction. Forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use of the words “anticipates,” “expects,” “predicts,” “goals,” “intends,” “plans,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “may,” “will,” “believes,” “estimates,” “potential,” “target,” “commit,” “forecast,” “tracking,” or “continue” and variations or similar expressions, and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results may, could, should or will be achieved, received or taken or will occur or result, and similar such expressions also identify forward-looking information. These forward-looking statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of management and are provided for the purpose of providing additional information about such expectations and beliefs, and readers are cautioned that these statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed in the Company’s most recent annual and quarterly reports and detailed from time to time in the Company’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which risks and uncertainties are incorporated herein by reference. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect actual outcomes, unless required by law. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.