8-K 1 clsk8k.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): December 9, 2020 CLEANSPARK, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 1185 S. 1800 West, Suite 3 Woods Cross, Utah 84087 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (702) 941-8047 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933(§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ On December 9, 2020, CleanSpark, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) by and among ATL Data Centers LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (“ATL”), CLSK Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), Bernardo Schucman (“Schucman”), Gustavo Lima Caldeira De Andrada (“De Andrada), and John Allen Martins Blount (“Blount” and collectively with Schucman and De Andrada, the “Sellers”) (the “Merger”). The Merger closed on December 10, 2020. At the closing, Merger Sub merged with and into ATL, and ATL survived the Merger, continuing its existence as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In exchange, at closing, the Company issued 1,618,285 shares of restricted common stock par value $0.001 per share of the Company (the “Shares”) valued at $19.4 million based on the average closing price of the common stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five trading days including and immediately preceding the closing date of $11.988 per share, to the Sellers, of which: (i) 642,309 Shares valued at $7.7 million would be fully earned on closing, and (ii) an additional 975,976 Shares valued at $11.7 million being issued to escrow and subject to holdback pending satisfaction of certain future milestones (the “Merger Consideration”), with all such Shares subject to a lock up of no less than 180 days and a leak out of no more than 10% of average daily trading value of the prior 30 days. The Merger Consideration is subject to adjustment downward based on post-closing adjustments to closing cash, indebtedness and transaction expenses of ATL within 90 days of closing. The Company is also assuming approximately $6.9 million in debt of ATL on hand at closing. The Merger Agreement contains standard representations, warranties, covenants, indemnification and other terms customary in similar transactions. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1, and is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The issuance of the shares of the Company’s common stock in connection with the Merger is exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Act in transactions not involved in a public offering pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D of the Act. On December 10, 2020, the Company issued a press release announcing the entry into the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is being furnished with this Current Report on Form 8-K (“Current Report”). The information set forth under Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section. The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. This Current Report will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Current Report that is required to be disclosed solely by Regulation FD. Forward Looking Statements This Current Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Current Report, including statements regarding the Merger Agreement, the Merger, business strategy, and plans are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause the Company’s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of the Company’s future performance and the future performance of the markets in which the Company operates are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Current Report are only predictions. The Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that the Company believes may affect its financial condition, operating results, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives. These forward- looking statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The events and circumstances reflected in such forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all risks and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, the Company does not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. (a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired. As permitted by Item 9.01(a)(4) of Form 8-K, the financial statements required by Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K will be filed by the Company by an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K not later than 71 days after the date upon which this Current Report on Form 8-K must be filed. (b) Pro Forma Financial Information. As permitted by Item 9.01(b)(2) of Form 8-K, the pro forma financial information required by Item 9.01(b) of Form 8-K will be filed by the Company by an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K not later than 71 days after the date upon which this Current Report on Form 8-K must be filed. (d) Exhibits † Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.