8-K 0000827876 false CLEANSPARK, INC. 0000827876 2023-10-06 2023-10-06 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 CleanSpark, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On October 6, 2023, CleanSpark, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), executed an agreement to purchase 4.4 exahashes per second (EH/s) of the recently announced Antminer S21 bitcoin mining machines, which have an efficiency rating of 17.5 joules per terahash (J/TH). The delivery of the mining machines are set to begin in January 2024. The agreement allows for 20% of the purchase price to be paid to the seller 365 days after the date that machines are delivered. The purchase was made pursuant to the terms of a Future Sales and Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company and BITMAIN TECHNOLOGIES DELAWARE LIMITED on October 6, 2023 (the "Agreement"). The Company plans to use the mining machines to expand its digital currency mining activities through its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The foregoing description of the Agreement that governs the purchase does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of such Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K ("Current Report"). Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On October 11, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing the purchase. A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is being furnished with this Current Report. The information set forth under Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section. The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. This Current Report will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Current Report that is disclosed solely pursuant to this Item 7.01. Forward Looking Statements This Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Current Report, including statements regarding increases in the Company’s capacity, reductions in power consumption and energy costs per bitcoin mined and margin improvements expected to result from the Company’s purchase of the mining machines, statements regarding sources of funds for the purchases and other statements regarding future results of operations and financial position, industry and business trends, business strategy, expansion plans, market growth and the Company’s objectives for future operations. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause the Company’s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of the Company’s future performance, its clean energy initiatives, future profitability associated with mining cryptocurrencies, and the future performance of the markets in which the Company operates, are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Current Report are only predictions. The Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that the Company believes may affect its financial condition, operating results, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives. These forward- looking statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The events and circumstances reflected in such forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to the performance of the mining machines; the timing for the arrival and installation of those miners; anticipated timing of the expansions; the risk that the electrical power available to the Company’s existing or new facilities does not increase or become available as expected; fluctuations in the costs of that electrical power; the success of the Company’s digital currency (bitcoin) mining activities; the volatile and unpredictable cycles in the emerging and evolving industries in which the Company operates; increasing difficulty rates for bitcoin mining; bitcoin halving; new or additional governmental regulation; the anticipated delivery dates of new miners; the ability to successfully deploy new miners; the dependency on utility rate structures and government incentive programs; dependency on third-party power providers for expansion efforts; the expectations of future revenue growth may not be realized; and risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the Company’s press releases and in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on From 10-Q and any subsequent filings with the SEC. Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all risks and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, the Company does not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.