0001477449 false 0001477449 2023-01-18 2023-01-18 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 18, 2023 Teladoc Health, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ( 203 ) 635-2002 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 2.05. Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. On January 18, 2023, Teladoc Health, Inc. (the “Company”) announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs. In addition, the Company underwent certain other cost-saving actions taken during the latter part of the fourth quarter of 2022. The combination of these actions results in a reduction of the Company’s workforce of approximately 6 percent, and office space reductions within certain markets. The fourth quarter actions did not have a material impact on 2022 financial operating results. Decisions regarding the elimination of positions are subject to local law and consultation requirements in certain countries, as well as the Company’s business needs. In conjunction with earlier cost-saving actions, the Company incurred approximately $4.4 million in pre-tax charges in the fourth quarter of 2022, consisting of approximately $2 million in costs related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and related costs, and approximately $2.4 million in exit costs associated with the office space reductions. In connection with the restructuring plan, the Company expects to incur approximately $17 million in pre-tax charges in 2023, consisting of approximately $9 million substantially related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and related costs expected to be realized in the first quarter of 2023, and approximately $8 million of exit costs associated with office space reductions expected to occur by the second quarter of 2023. Of the aggregate amount of pre-tax charges that the Company estimates it will incur in 2023, approximately $10 million are expected to result in future cash expenditures related to the workforce reductions. In addition to these charges, the Company expects a reduction in stock-based compensation of approximately $6 million in the first quarter of 2023 associated with forfeited stock awards. The estimates of the charges and expenditures that the Company expects to incur in connection with the restructuring plan, and the timing thereof, are subject to a number of assumptions, including local law requirements in various jurisdictions, and actual amounts may differ materially from estimates. In addition, the Company may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur, including in connection with the implementation of the restructuring plan. A letter to the Company’s employees from Jason Gorevic, the Company’s chief executive officer, regarding these actions is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “project,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “should,” “will” and similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding the Company’s expectations regarding the costs, benefits, timing and financial impacts from the restructuring plan. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (i) changes in laws and regulations applicable to our business model; (ii) changes in market conditions and receptivity to our services and offerings; (iii) results of litigation or regulatory actions; (iv) the loss of one or more key clients; (v) changes in valuations or useful lives of our assets; (vi) changes to our abilities to recruit and retain qualified providers into our network; (vii) the impact of and risk related to impairment losses with respect to goodwill, intangibles or other assets; and (viii) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, demand for our services and general economic conditions, as well as orders, directives and legislative action by local, state, federal and foreign governments in response to the spread of COVID-19. For a detailed discussion of the risk factors that could affect our actual results, please refer to the risk factors identified in our SEC reports, including, but not limited to, our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.