wulf-20240523 0001083301 FALSE Nasdaq 0001083301 2024-05-23 2024-05-23 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) : May 23, 2024 TERAWULF INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 9 Federal Street Easton, Maryland 21601 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (410) 770-9500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On May 23, 2024, TeraWulf Inc. (the “Company”) entered into Amendment No. 2 to that certain sales agreement, dated April 26, 2022, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated August 11, 2023 (the “Sales Agreement”) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., ATB Capital Markets USA Inc., Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Northland Securities, Inc., Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Stifel Nicolaus Canada Inc. and Virtu Americas LLC (each, individually, an “Agent” and, collectively, the “Agents”), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Agents, shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to $200.0 million (the “Shares”). The Company is not obligated to sell any Shares under the Sales Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Agents will use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with their normal trading and sales practices, to sell Shares from time to time based upon the Company’s instructions, including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions specified by the Company. Under the Sales Agreement, the Agents may sell Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at the market offering” under Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company will pay the Agents a commission equal up to 3.0% of the gross sales price from each sale of Shares and provide the Agents with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The Sales Agreement may be terminated by the Agents or the Company at any time upon notice to the other party. The issuance and sale, if any, of the Shares by the Company under the Sales Agreement will be made pursuant to the Company’s effective registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-262226) (as amended, the “Registration Statement”), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on January 31, 2022, and declared effective on February 4, 2022. The offering is described in the Company’s Prospectus Supplement dated May 23, 2024, as filed with the SEC on May 23, 2024. The foregoing description of the Sales Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Sales Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The legal opinion of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, counsel to the Company, relating to the validity of the Shares being offered pursuant to the Sales Agreement is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Forward Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such forward-looking statements include statements concerning anticipated future events and expectations that are not historical facts. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “plan,” “believe,” “goal,” “target,” “aim,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “outlook,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project,” “continue,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “should,” “would” and other similar words and expressions, although the absence of these words or expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations and beliefs of TeraWulf’s management and are inherently subject to a number of factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions and their potential effects. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements based on a number of factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, among others: (1) conditions in the cryptocurrency mining industry, including fluctuation in the market pricing of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and the economics of cryptocurrency mining, including as to variables or factors affecting the cost, efficiency and profitability of cryptocurrency mining; (2) competition among the various providers of cryptocurrency mining services; (3) changes in applicable laws, regulations and/or permits affecting TeraWulf’s operations or the industries in which it operates, including regulation regarding power generation, cryptocurrency usage and/or cryptocurrency mining; (4) the ability to implement certain business objectives and to timely and cost-effectively execute integrated projects; (5) failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and/or on acceptable terms with regard to growth strategies or operations; (6) loss of public confidence in bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies and the potential for cryptocurrency market manipulation; (7) adverse geopolitical or economic conditions, including a high inflationary environment; (8) the potential of cybercrime, money-laundering, malware infections and phishing and/or loss and interference as a result of equipment malfunction or break-down, physical disaster, data security breach, computer malfunction or sabotage (and the costs associated with any of the foregoing); (9) the availability, delivery schedule and cost of equipment necessary to maintain and grow the business and operations of TeraWulf, including mining equipment and infrastructure equipment meeting the technical or other specifications required to achieve its growth strategy; (10) employment workforce factors, including the loss of key employees; (11) litigation relating to TeraWulf and/or its business; (12) potential differences between the unaudited results disclosed in this release and the Company’s final results when disclosed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K as a result of the completion of the Company’s final adjustments, annual audit by the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, and other developments arising between now and the disclosure of the final results; and (13) other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the SEC. Potential investors, stockholders and other readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. TeraWulf does not assume any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after it was made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or regulation. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements and the discussion of risk factors contained in the Company’s filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. Dated: May 23, 2024