8-K false 0001819994 0001819994 2024-02-01 2024-02-01 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ROCKET LAB USA, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Indenture and Notes On February 6, 2024, Rocket Lab USA, Inc. (the “Company”) issued $355,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.250% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the “Notes”). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the “Indenture”), dated as of February 6, 2024, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). The Notes issued on February 6, 2024 include $55,000,000 principal amount of Notes issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchasers of the Notes of their option to purchase additional Notes. The Notes are the Company’s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company’s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company’s future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes in right of payment; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company’s existing and future secured indebtedness, including borrowings under its equipment financing agreement, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company’s subsidiaries. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 4.250% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on August 1, 2024. The Notes mature on February 1, 2029, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Before November 1, 2028, noteholders have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after November 1, 2028, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company’s election. The initial conversion rate is 195.1029 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $5.13 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a “Make-Whole Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. The Company may not redeem the Notes at any time before February 1, 2027. The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations described below), at the Company’s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after February 1, 2027, and on or before the 40th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if certain liquidity conditions are satisfied and the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price on (i) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding notes unless at least $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. If certain corporate events that constitute a “Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to certain limited exceptions, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company, the approval by the Company’s stockholders of any plan or proposal for the Company’s liquidation or dissolution and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company’s common stock. The Indenture has customary provisions relating to the occurrence of “Events of Default” (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, requires a default for 30 consecutive days); (ii) the Company’s failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the Company’s failure to convert a Note upon the exercise of the conversion right with respect to such Note, subject to a three business day cure period; (iv) the Company’s failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Company’s ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (v) a default by the Company in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (vi) certain defaults by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for money borrowed with a principal amount of at least $50,000,000; and (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries. If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 270 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% on the principal amount of the Notes. The above description of the Indenture and the Notes is a summary and is not complete. A copy of the Indenture and the form of the certificate representing the Notes are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference, and the above summary is qualified by reference to the terms of the Indenture and the Notes set forth in such exhibits. Capped Call Transactions In connection with the pricing of the Notes, on February 1, 2024, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the “Base Capped Call Transactions”) with certain financial institutions (the “Option Counterparties”). On February 2, 2024, in connection with the initial purchasers’ exercise of their option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered into additional capped call transactions with the Option Counterparties (the “Additional Capped Call Transactions” and, together with the Base Capped Call Transactions, the “Capped Call Transactions”). Collectively, the Capped Call Transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the Notes. The cost of the Capped Call Transactions was approximately $43.2 million. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce or offset the potential dilution to the Company’s common stock upon conversion of the Notes and/or the Company’s election offset any potential cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market price per share of the common stock, as measured under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions, is greater than the strike price of the Capped Call Transactions. The strike price initially corresponds to the conversion price of the Notes and is subject to customary adjustments. If, however, the market price per share of the common stock exceeds the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions, there would nevertheless be dilution and/or there would not be an offset of such potential cash payments, in each case, to the extent that such market price exceeds the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions. The Company will not be required to make any cash payments to the Option Counterparties or their respective affiliates upon the exercise of the options that are a part of the Capped Call Transactions, but the Company will be entitled to receive from them a number of shares of its common stock or an amount of cash or a combination thereof generally based on the amount by which the market price per share of the common stock, as measured under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions, is greater than the strike price of the Capped Call Transactions during the relevant valuation period under the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions entered into by the Company with the Option Counterparties, are not part of the terms of the Notes and will not change the holders’ rights under the Notes. Holders of the Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Capped Call Transactions. The above description of the Capped Call Transactions is not complete and is qualified in by reference to the Form of Capped Call Confirmation, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth in Item 1.01 above under the heading “Indenture and Notes” is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Notes were issued to the initial purchasers in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), in transactions not involving any public offering. The Company relied on this exemption from registration based, in part, on representations made by the initial purchasers in the purchase agreement pursuant to which the Notes were sold. The Notes were resold by the initial purchasers to persons whom the initial purchasers reasonably believe are “qualified institutional buyers,” as defined in, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of the Company’s common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Initially, a maximum of 88,308,451 shares of the Company’s common stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 248.7562 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary conversion rate adjustment provisions. Item 7.01 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. On February 7, 2024, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the offering of the Notes. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 (the “Section”) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.