8-K 1 ea143360-8k_climatech.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): June 29, 2021 CLIMATE CHANGE CRISIS REAL IMPACT I ACQUISITION CORPORATION (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) (212) 847-0360 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ On June 29, 2021, Climate Change Crisis Real Impact I Acquisition Corporation (“CLII”) held a virtual special meeting (the “Special Meeting”) in connection with the proposed business combination (the “Business Combination”) of CLII and EVgo Services, LLC, (“EVgo”), as described in the definitive proxy statement filed by CLII with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 27, 2021 (the “Proxy Statement”) and incorporated herein by reference. Present at the Special Meeting were holders of 12,010,569 shares of CLII’s Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Class A common stock”) and 5,750,000 shares of CLII’s Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Class B common stock” and, together with the Class A common stock, the “common stock”), in person (online) or by proxy, representing 61.78% of the voting power of the common stock as of May 19, 2021, the record date for the Special Meeting (the “Record Date”), and constituting a quorum for the transaction of business. As of the Record Date, there were 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. At the Special Meeting, CLII’s stockholders approved the Business Combination Proposal, the Charter Amendment Proposal, the Advisory Charter Proposals, the NYSE Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal, in each case as defined and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement. The approval of the Business Combination Proposal, the NYSE proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal required the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, voting as a single class, cast by CLII’s stockholders present in person (online) or by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon. Approval of the Charter Amendment proposal required the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, voting as a single class, entitled to vote thereon at the special meeting. Approval, on an advisory basis, of the Advisory Charter Proposals required the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock cast by CLII’s stockholders present in person (online) or by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting as a single class. The election of the director nominees pursuant to the Director Election Proposal required the affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, voting as a single class, cast by CLII’s stockholders present in person (online) or by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The Business Combination Proposal, the Charter Amendment Proposal, the Advisory Charter Proposals, the NYSE Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal each received a sufficient number of votes for approval. Set forth below are the final voting results for the Business Combination Proposal, the Charter Amendment Proposal, the Advisory Charter Proposals, the NYSE Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal: Business Combination Proposal The Business Combination Proposal was approved. The voting results of the shares of the common stock were as follows: The Charter Amendment Proposal The Charter Amendment Proposal was approved. The voting results of the shares of the common stock were as follows: The Advisory Charter Proposals The Advisory Charter Proposals were approved. The voting results of the shares of the common stock for each of the sub-proposals were as follows: The NYSE Proposal The NYSE Proposal was approved. The voting results of the shares of the common stock were as follows: The Director Election Proposal The election of each director nominee pursuant to the Director Election Proposal was approved. The voting results of the shares of the common stock for the director nominees were as follows: Class I Elizabeth Comstock Joseph Esteves John King Class II Darpan Kapadia Rodney Slater Kate Brandt Class III Cathy Zoi David Nanus Patricia K. Collawn The Incentive Plan Proposal The Incentive Plan Proposal was approved. The voting results of the shares of the common stock were as follows: The Adjournment Proposal The Adjournment Proposal was approved. The voting results of the shares of the common stock were as follows: CLII and EVgo expect the Business Combination and related transactions (the “Proposed Transactions”) to close on July 1, 2021. On July 2, 2021, the combined company’s Class A common stock and warrants are expected to commence trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) under the new ticker symbols “EVGO” and “EVGOW,” respectively. On June 29, 2021, EVgo Inc., CLII issued a press release announcing the Special Meeting results. A copy of such press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. The information in Item 7.01 and Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The disclosure set forth above in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein. Stockholders holding 13,230 shares of Class A Common Stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company’s trust account (the “Trust Account”). As a result, approximately $132,305.78 (or approximately $10.00 per share) will be removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. No Offer or Solicitation This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,” and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding CLII’s and EVgo’s ability to consummate the Proposed Transactions; the expected timing of completion of the Proposed Transactions and the timing of the expected commencement of the trading of the combined company’s common stock and warrants on Nasdaq. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of EVgo’s and CLII’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of EVgo and CLII. These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including general economic, financial, legal, political and business conditions and changes in domestic and foreign markets; the potential effects of COVID-19; the potential effects of domestic civil unrest and the potential closure of government offices, the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the Proposed Transactions or to satisfy the other conditions to the closing of the Proposed Transactions, and those factors discussed in the Proxy Statement under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of CLII filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither EVgo nor CLII presently know or that EVgo and CLII currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect EVgo’s and CLII’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. EVgo and CLII anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause their assessments to change. However, while EVgo and CLII may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, EVgo and CLII specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing EVgo’s or CLII’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. Dated: June 29, 2021