8-K 1 tm2116551d1_8k.htm FORM 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 18, 2021 Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (650) 521-9007 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. On May 17, 2021, Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V (“ SCH ” or the “ Company ”), in connection with its proposed business combination (the “ Business Combination ”) with Social Finance, Inc. (“ SoFi ”) and acting pursuant to authorization from its Board of Directors, determined (i) to voluntarily withdraw the listing of SCH’s ordinary shares, warrants, and units from the New York Stock Exchange (the “ NYSE ”) and (ii) to list the common stock and warrants of SoFi Technologies, Inc., the post-Business Combination company ("SoFi Technologies"), on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (“ Nasdaq ”), in each case subject to the closing of the Business Combination. Trading of the common stock and warrants of SoFi Technologies is expected to begin on Nasdaq at market open on or about June 1, 2021 under the symbols “SOFI” and “SOFIW”, respectively. The last day of trading on the NYSE is expected to be on or about May 28, 2021, following the consummation of the Business Combination, which is currently expected to occur on or about May 28, 2021, subject to final shareholder approval at SCH’s extraordinary general meeting on May 27, 2021, and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On May 18, 2021, SCH issued a press release (the “ Press Release ”) regarding the transfer of listing from the NYSE to Nasdaq. The Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), or otherwise subject to liability under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of SCH under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information contained in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1. Additional Information and Where to Find It This Current Report on Form 8-K relates to a proposed transaction between SCH and SoFi. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. In connection with the Business Combination, SCH filed a registration statement on Form S-4, as amended (the “ Form S-4 ”), with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”). The Form S-4 includes a document that serves as a prospectus and proxy statement of SCH, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus, that is both the proxy statement/prospectus which has been distributed to SCH’s shareholders in connection with SCH’s solicitation of proxies for the vote by SCH’s shareholders with respect to the proposed transaction as described in the Form S-4 as well as the prospectus relating to the offer of the securities to be issued to SCH's security holders in connection with SCH's proposed domestication as a Delaware corporation in connection with the Business Combination as described in the Form S-4. SCH also will file other documents regarding the Business Combination with the SEC. Before making any voting decision, investors and security holders of SCH are urged to read the Form S-4 and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the Business Combination as they become available because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. SCH has mailed a definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents to its shareholders of record as of April 29, 2021, the record date established for the extraordinary general meeting of stockholders relating to the p Business Combination. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the Form S-4 and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by SCH through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. The documents filed by SCH with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge at SCH’s website at: http://www.socialcapitalhedosophiaholdings.com/docse.html or upon written request to 317 University Ave, Suite 200, Palo Alto, California 94301. 2 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws with respect to the proposed transaction between SoFi and SCH. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including but not limited to: (i) the risk that the transaction may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of SCH’s securities, (ii) the risk that the transaction may not be completed by SCH’s business combination deadline and the potential failure to obtain an extension of the business combination deadline if sought by SCH, (iii) the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the transaction, including the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 7, 2021, as amended on March 16, 2021 (as it may be further amended, the “ Merger Agreement ”) by the shareholders of SCH, the satisfaction of the minimum trust account amount following redemptions by SCH’s public shareholders and the receipt of certain governmental and regulatory approvals, (iv) the lack of a third party valuation in determining whether or not to pursue the proposed transaction, (v) the inability to complete the PIPE investment in connection with the transaction, (vi) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, (vii) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the transaction on SoFi’s business relationships, operating results, and business generally, (viii) risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations of SoFi and potential difficulties in SoFi employee retention as a result of the transaction, (ix) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against SoFi or against SCH related to the Merger Agreement or the proposed transaction, (x) the ability to maintain the listing of SCH’s securities on a national securities exchange, (xi) the price of SCH’s securities may be volatile due to a variety of factors, including changes in the competitive and highly regulated industries in which SCH plans to operate or SoFi operates, variations in operating performance across competitors, changes in laws and regulations affecting SCH’s or SoFi’s business and changes in the combined capital structure, (xii) the ability to implement business plans, forecasts, and other expectations after the completion of the proposed transaction, and identify and realize additional opportunities, and (xiii) the risk of downturns and a changing regulatory landscape in the highly competitive industry. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the “Risk Factors” section of SCH’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, the Form S-4 discussed above and other documents filed by SCH from time to time with the SEC. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and SoFi and SCH assume no obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Neither SoFi nor SCH gives any assurance that either SoFi or SCH, or the combined company, will achieve its expectations. 3 Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. 4 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 5