UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) ☒ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File No. 001-40193 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes ☐ No ☒ As of May 13, 2022, there were 155,748,341 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding, and 40,396,600 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. EXPLANATORY NOTE On April 26, 2022, subsequent to the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022, the fiscal quarter to which this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this “Report”) relates, Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co., a Delaware corporation that is our predecessor (“Archimedes”), consummated the previously announced transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Merger Agreement”), dated as of November 15, 2021, by and among Archimedes, ATSPC Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Archimedes (“Merger Sub”), and SoundHound, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“SoundHound”). The Merger Agreement provided for the acquisition of SoundHound by the registrant pursuant to the merger of Merger Sub with and into SoundHound (the “Merger”), with SoundHound continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of the registrant. The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are referred to herein as the “Business Combination.” In connection with the closing of the Merger, the registrant changed its name from Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co. to SoundHound AI, Inc. Unless stated otherwise, this report contains information about Archimedes before the Business Combination. References to the “Company,” “our,” “us” or “we” in this Report refer to Archimedes before the consummation of the Business Combination or SoundHound AI after the Business Combination, as the context suggests. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the information in this Report does not reflect the consummation of the Merger, which, as discussed above, occurred subsequent to the period covered hereunder. SOUNDHOUND AI, INC. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Table of Contents i PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS CO. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 1 ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS CO. UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS CO. UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS CO. UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS CO. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 — Organization and Business Operations Organization and General Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co. (the “Company”) is a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 15, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities (the “Business Combination”). The Company’s focus will be on the artificial intelligence, cloud services and automotive technology sectors. However, the Company is not limited to the technology industry, or these sectors therein, and the Company may pursue a Business Combination opportunity in any business or industry it chooses, and it may pursue a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. As of March 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any revenue-generating operations. All activity for the period from September 15, 2020 (inception) through March 31, 2022 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (the “IPO”) described below, and, since the closing of the IPO, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO and will recognize changes in the fair value of warrant liability as other income or expense, as applicable. On November 15, 2021, the Company entered into a definitive merger agreement with SoundHound Inc. (“SoundHound”), a voice artificial intelligence company, pursuant to which the two companies agreed to consummate a Business Combination (the “Merger Agreement”). The total consideration to be paid by the Company to SoundHound is $ 2,000,000,000 in equity of the Company, with outstanding SoundHound stock options and warrants included on a net exercise basis. On April 26, 2022, the Company consummated its Business Combination with SoundHound pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The aggregate merger consideration paid by the Company to SoundHound security holders in connection with the Business Combination was an amount equal to $ 2,000,000,000 , with outstanding SoundHound stock options and warrants assumed by the company included on a net exercise basis. As a result of the Business Combination, the Company owns 100 % of the outstanding common stock of SoundHound and the Company changed its name from “Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co.” to “SoundHound AI, Inc” (See Note 9). The Company’s sponsor is Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”). References to the Company’s “initial stockholders” refer to the Company’s stockholders prior to the IPO, excluding the holders of the Representative Shares (See Note 7). Financing The registration statement for the Company’s IPO was declared effective on March 10, 2021 (the “Effective Date”). As discussed in Note 3, on March 15, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of 12,000,000 units, (the “Public Units”), at $ 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of $ 120,000,000 . Each Public Unit consists of (i) one subunit (the “Public Subunit”), which consists of one share of common stock (the “Public Share”) and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant, and (ii) one-quarter of one redeemable warrant (collectively, the redeemable warrants included in the Public Units and Public Subunits, the “Public Warrants”); each whole Public Warrant will be exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $ 11.50 per share. 5 Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 390,000 private units (the “Private Units”) at a price of $ 10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement (the “Private Placement”) to the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (“EarlyBirdCapital”), generating gross proceeds of $ 3,900,000 , which is discussed in Note 4. Each Private Unit consists of (i) one subunit (the “Private Subunits”), which consists of one share of common stock (the “Private Shares”) and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant, and (ii) one-quarter of one redeemable warrant (collectively, the redeemable warrants included in the Private Units and Private Subunits, the “Private Warrants”). Transaction costs amounted to $ 4,849,810 consisting of $ 2,400,000 of underwriting discount and $ 2,449,810 of other offering costs. The Company granted the underwriters in the IPO a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,800,000 additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 19, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 1,300,000 Public Units, generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of $ 13,000,000 , and incurred transaction costs of $ 260,000 in underwriting discount. In connection with the underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional 26,000 Private Units at $ 10.00 per Private Unit to the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, generating gross proceeds of $ 260,000 . On April 26, 2022, in connection with the Company’s Business Combination, an aggregate of $ 127,679,500 was paid from the Company’s Trust Account (see below) to holders that properly exercised their right to have their Public Shares redeemed, with a remaining Trust Account balance of approximately $ 5,356,628 (the “Trust Proceeds”). Additionally, pursuant to subscription agreements the Company had previously entered into with certain accredited investors (the “Subscribers”), the Subscribers purchased an aggregate of 11,300,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of the combined company for a purchase price of $ 10.00 per share in a private placement that closed concurrently with the Business Combination, for total gross proceeds of $ 113,000,000 (the “PIPE Proceeds”). The Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds were used for the payment of expenses incurred by the Company and SoundHound in connection with the Business Combination and the remaining proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes of the Company following the Business Combination (See Note 9). Trust Account Following the closing of the IPO on March 15, 2021 and the underwriters’ partial exercise of over-allotment option on March 19, 2021, $ 133,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee (the “Trust Account”). The funds held in the Trust Account is and will be invested only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, so that the Company is not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations, the proceeds will not be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the redemption of 100 % of the outstanding Public Subunits if the Company has not completed a Business Combination in the required time period. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which the Company completes a Business Combination. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the target business. On April 26, 2022, in connection with the Company’s Business Combination, an aggregate of $ 127,679,500 was paid from the Company’s Trust Account to holders that properly exercised their right to have their Public Shares redeemed, resulting in Trust Proceeds of approximately $ 5,356,628 (See Note 9). Initial Business Combination On April 26, 2022, the Company consummated its Business Combination with SoundHound pursuant to the Merger Agreement. As a result of the Business Combination, the registrant owns 100 % of the outstanding common stock of SoundHound and the registrant changed its name from “Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co.” to “SoundHound AI, Inc.” In connection with the Company’s Business Combination, the Company received approximately $ 5,356,628 in Trust Proceeds and $ 113,000,000 in PIPE Proceeds. The Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds were used for the payment of expenses incurred by the Company and SoundHound in connection with the Business Combination and the remaining proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes of the Company following the Business Combination (See Note 9). Liquidity and Going Concern As of March 31, 2022, the Company had cash outside the Trust Account of $ 18,129 available for its working capital needs. All remaining cash and securities were held in the Trust Account and is generally unavailable for the Company’s use prior to an initial Business Combination and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem Public Subunits. As of March 31, 2022, none of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above. 6 On April 21, 2022, SPAC Partners LLC (“SP”), an affiliate of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, agreed to loan the Company $ 167,955 to be used for tax payments (the “SP Promissory Note”). The SP Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable in cash upon the closing of the Company’s Business Combination. In the event the Company fails to complete a Business Combination prior to the deadline set forth in its governing document, no payment will be due under the SP Promissory Note and the principal balance of the SP Promissory Note will be forgiven. On April 26, 2022, in connection with the Company’s Business Combination, the Company received approximately $ 5,356,628 in Trust Proceeds and $ 113,000,000 in PIPE Proceeds. The Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds were used for the payment of expenses incurred by the Company and SoundHound in connection with the Business Combination and the remaining proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes of the Company following the Business Combination (See Note 9). Prior to the completion of the IPO, the Company’s liquidity needs had been satisfied through receipt of $ 25,000 from the sale of Founder Shares (see Note 5), advances from the Sponsor in an aggregate amount of $ 125,000 under an unsecured promissory note, which were repaid upon the closing of the IPO (see Note 5). Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO and Private Placement, the Company’s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the IPO and Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. Subsequent to the consummation of the Company’s Business Combination on April 26, 2022, the Company’s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the remaining Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds after payment of expenses in connection with the Business Combination (See Note 9). In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company’s Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). To date, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. The Company anticipates that the $ 18,129 outside of the Trust account as of March 31, 2022, combined with the net Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds that the Company received upon the consummation of the Company’s Business Combination on April 26, 2022, will be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months. Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X of the SEC. Certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed financial statements reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement of the balances and results for the periods presented. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2022 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected through December 31, 2022. The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited 2021 financial statements and notes thereto included in the Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC on March 9, 2022. Emerging Growth Company Status The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 7 Use of Estimates The preparation of unaudited condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company has $ 18,129 and $ 235,295 of cash held outside of the Trust Account as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents held outside of the Trust Account as of March 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account At March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had 133,022,440 and $ 133,010,583 in the Trust Account which may be utilized for Business Combination. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the assets held in the Trust Account were invested in Treasury Securities consisting of money market funds. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: In some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value of the Company’s certain assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet. The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and due to related party are estimated to approximate the carrying values as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 due to the short maturities of such instruments. The Company’s warrant liability and the fair value of its Representative Shares are based on valuation models utilizing management judgment and pricing inputs from observable and unobservable markets with less volume and transaction frequency than active markets. Significant deviations from these estimates and inputs could result in a material change in fair value. The fair value of the warrant liability and the fair value of its Representative Shares are classified as Level 3. See Note 6 for additional information on assets, liabilities and Representative Shares measured at fair value. 8 Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $ 250,000 . At March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock feature certain redemption rights that is considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet. Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable Public Share and income (loss) per founder non-redeemable share following the two-class method of income (loss) per share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the public redeemable shares and founder non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares. This is calculated using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. For purposes of calculating net income (loss) per share, any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the common stock subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public stockholders. Subsequent to calculating the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares, the Company split the amount to be allocated using a ratio of 76.2 % for the Public Shares and 23.8 % for the founder non-redeemable shares for the three months ended March 31, 2022, and a ratio of 40.8 % for the Public Shares and 59.2 % for the founder non-redeemable shares for the three months ended March 31, 2021, respectively, reflective of the respective participation rights. The earnings per share presented in the statements of operations is based on the following: 9 In connection with the underwriters’ partial exercise of their over-allotment option on March 19, 2021, 325,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. These shares were excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding until they were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the Company’s earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. Offering Costs associated with the Initial Public Offering The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) Topic 5A - “Expenses of Offering”. Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the IPO and were charged to stockholders’ equity upon the completion of the IPO. Accordingly, as of March 15, 2021, offering costs in the aggregate of $ 4,849,810 have been charged to stockholders’ equity (consisting of $ 2,400,000 of underwriting discount and $ 2,449,810 of other offering costs). On March 19, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 1,300,000 Public Units, generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of $ 13,000,000 , and incurred additional transaction costs of $ 260,000 in underwriting discount. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, “Derivatives and Hedging”. Derivative instruments are recorded at fair value on the grant date and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The Company has determined the warrants are a derivative instrument. Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 10 ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of March 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations, cash flows and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity (“ASU 2020-06”), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Note 3 — Initial Public Offering Pursuant to the IPO on March 15, 2021, the Company sold 12,000,000 Public Units at a purchase price of $ 10.00 per Public Unit. Each Public Unit consists of (i) one Public Subunit, which consists of one Public Share and one-quarter of one Public Warrant, and (ii) one-quarter of one Public Warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $ 11.50 per share. Each whole warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the completion of an initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On March 19, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 1,300,000 Public Units, at a purchase price of $ 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $ 13,000,000 . Following the closing of the IPO on March 15, 2021 and the underwriters’ partial exercise of over-allotment option on March 19, 2021, $ 133,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Units was placed in the Trust Account. The funds held in Trust Account is and will be invested only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, so that the Company is not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Note 4 — Private Placement Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an aggregate of 390,000 Private Units at a price of $ 10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement (the “Private Placement”), generating gross proceeds of $ 3,900,000 . 11 On March 19, 2021, simultaneous with the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an aggregate of 26,000 additional Private Units, at a purchase price of $ 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $ 260,000 . The Private Units (and underlying Private Subunits, Private Shares, and Private Warrants) are identical to the Public Units except that the Private Warrants included in the Private Units: (i) will not be redeemable by the Company and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Company’s initial stockholders have agreed (A) to vote the Private Shares contained in the Private Subunits in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to convert any Private Subunits in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial Business Combination or sell any Private Shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination and (C) that the Private Subunits shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the Trust Account upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. In the event of a liquidation prior to the initial Business Combination, the Private Units will likely be worthless. Note 5 — Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On January 4, 2021, the Sponsor paid $ 25,000 , or approximately $ 0.009 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 2,875,000 shares of common stock, par value $ 0.0001 (the “Founder Shares”). Up to 375,000 Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised. On March 10, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.2 shares for each founder share outstanding, resulting in an aggregate of 3,450,000 founder shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor and the Company’s directors (up to 450,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full). On March 19, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 1,300,000 Public Units. As a result, 125,000 founder shares were forfeited. On the date of the IPO, the Founder Shares were placed into an escrow account maintained in New York, New York by Continental Stock Transfer& Trust Company, acting as escrow agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow (subject to certain limited exceptions) for a period ending on (1) with respect to 50% of the founder shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company’s shares of common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after Company’s initial Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the founder shares, one year after the date of Company’s consummation of the initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Promissory Note — Related Party On January 4, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to $ 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO (the “Promissory Note”). These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. On February 1, 2021, the Sponsor funded to the Company $ 100,000 pursuant to the Promissory Note. On February 10, 2021, the Sponsor funded to the Company an additional $ 25,000 pursuant to the Promissory Note, for an aggregate amount of $ 125,000 . On March 15, 2021, the Promissory Note in an aggregate amount of $ 125,000 was fully repaid by the Company to the Sponsor. On April 21, 2022, SP agreed to loan the Company $ 167,955 through the SP Promissory Note. The SP Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable in cash upon the closing of the Company’s Business Combination. In the event the Company fails to complete a Business Combination prior to the deadline set forth in its governing document, no payment will be due under the SP Promissory Note and the principal balance of the SP Promissory Note will be forgiven (See Note 9). 12 Related Party Loans In order to meet the working capital needs following the consummation of the IPO if the funds not held in the Trust Account are insufficient, the Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion (“Working Capital Loans”). Each Working Capital Loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at the holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would consist of (i) one subunit, which consists of one share of common stock and one-quarter of one warrant, and (ii) one-quarter of one warrant, where the common stock and warrants would be identical to the common stock and warrants included in the Private Units. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no other proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. At March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. Administrative Service Fee Commencing on the Effective Date of the registration statement through the acquisition of a target business, the Company will pay SP an aggregate fee of $ 10,000 per month for providing the Company with office space and certain office and secretarial services. The Company has recorded $ 30,000 and $ 7,097 for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, respectively. Note 6 — Fair Value Measurements Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurement The following table presents information about the Company’s Representative Shares that were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of January 13, 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. The estimated fair value of the Representative Shares on January 13, 2021, the date the Representative Shares were issued, was determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte-Carlo simulation model utilizing the probability weighted expected return method are assumptions related to the expected stock-price volatility (pre-merger), the risk-free interest rate, and the expected restricted term. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on management’s understanding of the volatility associated with instruments of other similar entities. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity similar to the expected restricted term of the Representative Shares. The expected restricted term of the Representative Shares is simulated based on management assumptions regarding the timing and likelihood of completing the IPO and a business combination. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. The assumptions used in calculating the estimated fair values represent the Company’s best estimate. However, inherent uncertainties are involved. If factors or assumptions change, the estimated fair values could be materially different. 13 The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the Representative Shares were as follows at January 13, 2021: Recurring Fair Value Measurement The following tables present information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. The estimated fair value of the warrant liability on March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte-Carlo simulation model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility (pre-merger and post-merger), expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on management’s understanding of the volatility associated with instruments of other similar entities. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is simulated based on management assumptions regarding the timing and likelihood of completing a business combination. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. The assumptions used in calculating the estimated fair values represent the Company’s best estimate. However, inherent uncertainties are involved. If factors or assumptions change, the estimated fair values could be materially different. 14 The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the warrant liability were as follows at March 15, 2021: The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the warrant liability were as follows at December 31, 2021: The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the warrant liability were as follows at March 31, 2022: The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the warrant liability for the three months ended March 31, 2022: The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the warrant liability for the three months ended March 31, 2021: 15 Note 7 — Commitments and Contingencies Registration Rights The holders of the Founder Shares and Representative Shares (as defined below) issued and outstanding on the date of the IPO, as well as the holders of the Private Units and any units the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement signed on March 10, 2021. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that the Company use its best efforts to register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Representative Shares, Private Units and units issued to the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on March 10, 2021. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination; provided, however, that EarlyBirdCapital may participate in a “piggy-back” registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriters Agreement EarlyBirdCapital and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (the “Underwriters”) have a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional 1,800,000 Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any. The Underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of two percent (2%) of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or $ 2,400,000 (or up to $ 2,760,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). On March 15, 2021, the Company paid, in aggregate, a fixed underwriting discount of $ 2,400,000 . On March 19, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 1,300,000 Public Units and were, in aggregate, paid a fixed underwriting discount of $ 260,000 . EarlyBirdCapital will have the right of first refusal for a period commencing from the consummation of the IPO until the consummation of the initial Business Combination (or the liquidation of the Trust Account in the event that the Company fails to consummate the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period) to act as book running manager, placement agent and/or arranger for all financings where the Company seeks to raise equity, equity-linked, debt or mezzanine financings relating to or in connection with the initial Business Combination. In addition, under certain circumstances EarlyBirdCapital will be granted, for a period of one year from the closing of the IPO, the right to act as lead underwriter for the next U.S. registered public offering of securities, undertaken by any of the Company’s officers, for the purpose of raising capital and placing 90 % or more of the proceeds in a trust or escrow account to be used to acquire one or more operating businesses in the technology industry that have not been identified at the time of the IPO. Business Combination Marketing Agreement The Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company’s securities in connection with the initial Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of its initial Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the IPO (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which will become payable); provided that up to 30% of the fee may be allocated at the Company’s sole discretion to other FINRA members (including, with EarlyBirdCapital’s prior consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld, companies affiliated with the Company or its officers or directors) that assist the Company in identifying or consummating an initial Business Combination. 16 Representative Shares On January 13, 2021, the Company has issued to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees an aggregate of 350,000 representative shares at a purchase price of $ 0.0001 per share (the “Representative Shares”). The fair value of the Representative Shares was determined to be $ 2,024,463 (See Note 6). On March 10, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.2 shares of common stock for every share of common stock outstanding, resulting in an additional 70,000 representative shares issued to EarlyBirdCapital for no consideration and an aggregate of 420,000 representative shares outstanding. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares without the Company’s prior consent until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, the holders of the Representative Shares have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following March 10, 2021 pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of the FINRA Manual. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be sold during the IPO, or sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the March 10, 2021 or commencement of sales of the IPO, except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the IPO and their bona fide officers or partners, provided that all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up restriction above for the remainder of the time period. Business Combination Legal Services Agreement On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with its legal counsel, Loeb & Loeb (“Loeb”), whereby the Company is required to pay a total of $250,000 in retainer fees to Loeb for services related to the initial Business Combination upon the completion of certain milestones. The balance of any additional legal fees incurred related to the initial Business Combination will be due at the closing of the SPAC Merger. For the three-month period ended March 31, 2022, the Company had accrued a total of $ 100,000 of legal fees. Consulting Agreement On March 16, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Julia, a director of the Company, pursuant to which Dr. Julia agreed to introduce to the Company one or more potential candidates for the Company to pursue regarding a potential business combination in exchange for a single consulting fee equal to 1.0 % of the enterprise value of the target company paid in cash, not to exceed 2.0 % of the Trust Account, payable concurrent with the closing of the business combination with the target introduced by Dr. Julia. On November 15, 2021, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement with SoundHound, which Dr. Julia had introduced to the Company. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, upon the closing of the Business Combination, Dr. Julia will be entitled to a finder’s fee of $ 2,660,000 . Note 8 — Stockholders’ Equity Preferred Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock at par value of $ 0.0001 per share. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 17 Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $ 0.0001 per share. At March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were 4,161,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 13,300,000 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption. Public Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of the completion of an initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value”(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The Company may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants and any warrants underlying additional units issued to the Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities, and the $18.00 redemption trigger price will be adjusted to 180% of this amount. 18 Note 9 — Subsequent Events The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the unaudited condensed financial statements were issued. On April 9, 2022, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor (the “New Subscriber”) pursuant to which the New Subscriber agreed to purchase, and the Company has agreed to sell, 200,000 shares of common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share, at a purchase price of $ 10.00 per share for gross proceeds of $ 2,000,000 . On April 9, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to engage Northland to serve as a capital markets advisor in connection with the Business Combination. The Company agreed an advisory fee in the amount of $ 500,000 payable to Northland upon the closing of the Business Combination, plus expenses. In addition to the advisory fee, the Company agreed to consider awarding, at the Company’s sole discretion, a discretionary fee to Northland in an amount not to exceed 2 % of the balance of the funds in the Trust Account remaining after the closing. No such fee was paid. On April 9, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to engage Wedbush to act as the Company’s strategic financial advisor in connection with the Business Combination. The Company agreed to pay Wedbush a fee in the amount of $750,000 , with $500,000 payable no later than ten days after the close of the Business Combination and the remaining $ 250,000 payable in six monthly installments of $ 41,667 with the installment payments starting the first month after the close. On April 13, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to engage IB CAP to act as the Company’s financial advisor and marketing agent in connection with the Business Combination. The Company agreed a fee in the amount of $550,000 payable to IB CAP upon the closing of the Business Combination. An affiliate of IB CAP acted as a “qualified independent underwriter” and co-manager in the Company’s Initial Public Offering. On April 14, 2022, the Company amended the lock-up agreement (the “Amendment”) previously entered into with the chief executive officer of SoundHound, Keyvan Mohajer, to extend the lock-up period applicable to Mr. Mohajer from six months to one year from the date of the closing of the Business Combination. On April 18, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to engage CF&CO to act as the Company’s capital markets advisor in connection with the Business Combination. The Company agreed to pay an advisory fee in the amount of $750,000 to CF&CO upon the closing of the Business Combination, plus expenses. On April 21, 2022, SP agreed to loan the Company $ 167,955 through the SP Promissory Note. The SP Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable in cash upon the closing of the Company’s Business Combination. In the event the Company fails to complete a Business Combination prior to the deadline set forth in its governing document, no payment will be due under the SP Promissory Note and the principal balance of the SP Promissory Note will be forgiven. On April 26, 2022, the Company consummated its Business Combination with SoundHound pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The aggregate merger consideration paid by the Company to SoundHound security holders in connection with the Business Combination was an amount equal to $ 2,000,000,000 , with outstanding SoundHound stock options and warrants assumed by the Company included on a net exercise basis. As a result of the Business Combination, the Company owns 100 % of the outstanding common stock of SoundHound and the Company changed its name from “Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co.” to “SoundHound AI, Inc.” In connection with the Business Combination, an aggregate of $ 127,679,500 was paid from the Company’s Trust Account to holders that properly exercised their right to have their Public Shares redeemed, with remaining Trust Proceeds of approximately $ 5,356,628 . Additionally, pursuant to subscription agreements the Company had previously entered into with certain Subscribers, the Subscribers purchased an aggregate of 11,300,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of the combined company for a purchase price of $ 10.00 per share in a private placement that closed concurrently with the Business Combination, for total PIPE Proceeds of $ 113,000,000 . The Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds were used for the payment of expenses incurred by the Company and SoundHound in connection with the Business Combination and the remaining proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes of the Company following the Business Combination. 19 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References to the “Company,” “Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co.” “our,” “us” or “we” refer to Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings. Overview We were formed on September 15, 2020 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses (the “Business Combination”). Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, though we intend to focus our search on a business operating in the technology industry. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a Business Combination. All activity through March 31, 2022 relates to our formation, IPO, which was consummated on March 15, 2021, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination target, and efforts toward consummating the initial Business Combination. On November 15, 2021, we entered into a definitive merger agreement with SoundHound, a voice artificial intelligence company, pursuant to which the two companies agreed to consummate a Business Combination (the “Merger Agreement”). The total consideration to be paid to SoundHound is $2,000,000 in our equity, with outstanding SoundHound stock options and warrants included on a net exercise basis. On April 26, 2022, we consummated our Business Combination with SoundHound pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The aggregate merger consideration we paid to SoundHound security holders in connection with the Business Combination was an amount equal to $2,000,000,000, with outstanding SoundHound stock options and warrants assumed by us included on a net exercise basis. As a result of the Business Combination, we own 100% of the outstanding common stock of SoundHound and we changed our name from “Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co.” to “SoundHound AI, Inc” (See Note 9). Results of Operations As of March 31, 2022, we have not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from September 15, 2020 (inception) through March 31, 2022 relates to our formation, IPO and, after our IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO and placed in the Trust Account. For the three months ended March 31, 2022, we had a net loss of $385,450, which was comprised of operating costs of $490,053, interest income of $11,857 from marketable securities held in our Trust Account, and unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrants of $92,746. For the three months ended March 31, 2021, we had a net loss of $84,033, which was comprised of operating costs of $81,441, interest income of $525 from marketable securities held in our Trust Account, and unrealized loss on change in fair value of warrants of $3,117. 20 Liquidity and Capital Resources On March 15, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 12,000,000 Public Units at a price of $10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of $120,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 390,000 Private Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, generating gross proceeds of $3,900,000. On March 19, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 1,300,000 Public Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of $13,000,000. In connection with the underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment option, we also consummated the sale of an additional 26,000 Private Units at $10.00 per Private Unit to the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, generating gross proceeds of $260,000. Following the closing of the IPO on March 15, 2021 and the underwriters’ partial exercise of over-allotment option on March 19, 2021, $133,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Units was placed in the Trust Account and the remaining net proceeds was deposited in our operating bank account. As of March 31, 2022, we had $18,129 of cash held outside of the Trust Account for our working capital needs. On April 21, 2022, SP agreed to loan us $167,955 through the SP Promissory Note. The SP Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable in cash upon the closing of our Business Combination. In the event we fail to complete a Business Combination prior to the deadline set forth in our governing document, no payment will be due under the SP Promissory Note and the principal balance of the SP Promissory Note will be forgiven (See Note 9). On April 26, 2022, in connection with our Business Combination, we received approximately $5,356,628 in Trust Proceeds and $113,000,000 in PIPE Proceeds. The Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds were used for the payment of expenses incurred by the Company and SoundHound in connection with the Business Combination and the remaining proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes of the Company following the Business Combination (See Note 9). Prior to the completion of the IPO, our liquidity needs had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of $25,000 for the founder shares, and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of $125,000. We fully paid the note to the Sponsor on March 15, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO and Private Placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. Subsequent to the consummation of the Business Combination on April 26, 2022, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the remaining Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds after payment of expenses in connection with the Business Combination (See Note 9). In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans. To date, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. We anticipate that the $18,129 outside of the Trust account as of March 31, 2022, combined with the net Trust Proceeds and PIPE Proceeds that we received upon the consummation of our Business Combination on April 26, 2022, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of the unaudited condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock feature certain redemption rights that is considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of our balance sheet. 21 Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable Public Share and income (loss) per founder non-redeemable share following the two-class method of income (loss) per share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the public redeemable shares and founder non-redeemable shares, we first considered the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares. This is calculated using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. For purposes of calculating net income (loss) per share, any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the common stock subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public stockholders. Subsequent to calculating the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares, we split the amount to be allocated using a ratio of 76.2% for the Public Shares and 23.8% for the founder non-redeemable shares for the three months ended March 31, 2022, and a ratio of 40.8% for the Public Shares and 59.2% for the founder non-redeemable shares for the three months ended March 31, 2021, respectively, reflective of the respective participation rights. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of March 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As of March 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds held in the Trust Account have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the material weakness identified in our internal controls related to the Company’s accounting for complex financial instrument, including classification of warrant liabilities, redeemable equity and valuation of representative shares. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company’s balance sheet as of March 15, 2021, and its interim financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2021; June 30, 2021; and September 30, 2021. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the most recently completed fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022, we have improved our internal controls over financial reporting relating to classification of warrants, classification of redeemable equity instruments, and fair value of representative shares through enhanced education of our accountants and retention of third-party valuation professionals to conduct periodic fair value assessments of our complex financial instruments. We believe our efforts are effective in identifying and appropriately applying applicable accounting requirements but we believe we will need additional time to monitor and assess our efforts to evaluate their ultimate effectiveness. There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting, except as previously noted, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 22 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Not required for smaller reporting companies. However, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the final prospectus with respect to our business combination with SoundHound, filed with the SEC on April 8, 2022. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in the final prospectus. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS There were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Quarterly Report that were not registered under the Securities Act and were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the company ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 23 SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 24 false --12-31 Q1 0001840856 0001840856 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2022-05-13 0001840856 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2022-05-13 0001840856 2022-03-31 0001840856 2021-12-31 0001840856 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-12-31 0001840856 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-12-31 0001840856 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-12-31 0001840856 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-12-31 0001840856 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-12-31 0001840856 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-12-31 0001840856 2020-12-31 0001840856 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-03-31 0001840856 2021-03-31 0001840856 soun:MergerAgreementMember 2021-11-01 2021-11-15 0001840856 soun:SoundHoundMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-26 0001840856 soun:BusinessCombinationMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-26 0001840856 us-gaap:IPOMember 2021-03-01 2021-03-15 0001840856 us-gaap:IPOMember 2021-03-15 0001840856 us-gaap:IPOMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:IPOMember 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2021-03-01 2021-03-19 0001840856 soun:EarlyBirdCapitalMember us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2021-03-01 2021-03-19 0001840856 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2021-03-19 0001840856 soun:TrustAccountMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-26 0001840856 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-26 0001840856 pf0:SubsidiariesMember 2022-04-26 0001840856 2021-03-01 2021-03-19 0001840856 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-01 2022-04-21 0001840856 us-gaap:IPOMember 2021-03-02 2021-03-15 0001840856 2021-03-19 0001840856 soun:RedeemableMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:NonredeemablePreferredStockMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 soun:RedeemableMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:NonredeemablePreferredStockMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001840856 2021-03-15 0001840856 2021-03-19 2021-03-19 0001840856 soun:EarlyBirdCapitalMember 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 soun:EarlyBirdCapitalMember 2021-03-01 2021-03-19 0001840856 soun:EarlyBirdCapitalMember 2021-03-19 0001840856 pf0:MaximumMember soun:SponsorMember 2021-03-01 2021-03-19 0001840856 soun:SponsorMember 2021-01-01 2021-01-04 0001840856 soun:SponsorMember 2021-01-04 0001840856 soun:SponsorMember 2021-03-10 0001840856 soun:SponsorMember 2021-03-01 2021-03-10 0001840856 soun:FounderSharesMember 2021-03-01 2021-03-19 0001840856 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2021-01-04 0001840856 2021-02-01 0001840856 soun:SponsorMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember 2021-02-10 0001840856 soun:SponsorMember 2021-02-01 2021-02-10 0001840856 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-21 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2022-03-31 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2021-12-31 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2021-12-31 0001840856 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2021-12-31 0001840856 2021-01-01 2021-01-13 0001840856 2021-01-13 0001840856 2021-03-01 2021-03-15 0001840856 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001840856 soun:UnderwritersAgreementMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 soun:UnderwritersAgreementMember us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 2021-03-15 2021-03-15 0001840856 soun:BusinessCombinationMarketingAgreementMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0001840856 soun:RepresentativeSharesMember 2021-01-13 2021-01-13 0001840856 soun:RepresentativeSharesMember 2021-01-13 0001840856 soun:RepresentativeSharesMember 2021-03-10 2021-03-10 0001840856 soun:RepresentativeSharesMember 2021-03-10 0001840856 soun:BusinessCombinationLegalServicesAgreementMember 2021-07-01 2021-07-01 0001840856 2021-03-16 2021-03-16 0001840856 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-09 0001840856 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-01 2022-04-09 0001840856 soun:WedbushMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-01 2022-04-09 0001840856 soun:IBCAPMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-01 2022-04-13 0001840856 soun:CFCOMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-01 2022-04-18 0001840856 soun:SoundHoundMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-01 2022-04-26 0001840856 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2022-04-01 2022-04-26 xbrli:shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure