8-K 1 form8-k.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 25, 2021 MARATHON DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (800) 804-1690 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company [ ] If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 8-K and other reports filed by Registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the “Filings”) contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, Registrant’s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Registrant’s management. When used in the Filings the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “future,” “intend,” “plan” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to Registrant or Registrant’s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors relating to Registrant’s industry, Registrant’s operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by Registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. Although Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, Registrant cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, Registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. ITEM 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement On March 25, 2021, Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a licensing agreement with DMG Blockchain Solutions, Inc. to license DMG’s proprietary Blockseer pool technology for use in its new DCMNA Digital Currency Miners of North America pool. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Company will be granted an exclusive and irrevocable license to use the technology in the U.S., and DMG will receive: $500,000 in restricted common stock of the Company (stock to be issued in a transaction exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended); a monthly license fee with a sliding scale based on the DCMNA’s block rewards and transaction fees received by the pool; and technical support services to be provided on an as-needed basis with payment in US dollars. ITEM 3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities See Item 1.01 above. ITEM 8.01 Other Information See press release attached as Exhibit 99.1 incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9.01 Exhibit Exhibit 99.1 Press Release dated March 30, 2021. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Date: March 30, 2021