false 0001425287 0001425287 2024-01-31 2024-01-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 31, 2024 WORKHORSE GROUP INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 3600 Park 42 Drive , Suite 160E , Sharonville , Ohio 45241 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 1 ( 888 ) 646-5205 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On January 31, 2024, in connection with the sale and leaseback transaction described herein, a subsidiary of Workhorse Group Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the “Sale Agreement”) with William Repny LLC (the “Purchaser”) for the sale of its Union City, Indiana manufacturing facility and campus, excluding any equipment or fixtures used in manufacturing operations (the “Property”), to Purchaser for a purchase price, before fees and expenses, of approximately $34.5 million. Pursuant to the Sale Agreement and upon the closing of the sale of the Property, the Company will lease back the Property from the Purchaser under a triple-net lease agreement (the “Lease”) for an initial term of 20 years. The Company will have the option to renew the Lease for three additional 10-year renewal terms, subject to the terms of the Lease. Under the Lease, the Company will pay base annual rent of approximately $3.375 million for the Property, subject to an annual increase of 3% during the initial term of the lease and certain additional increases during any renewal term. In addition to rent, the Company will be responsible for all costs and expenses related to the Property, including, without limitation, maintenance, operation, repair and replacement of buildings and improvements, utility charges, insurance premiums and real estate taxes and assessments. The closing is subject to Purchaser performing satisfactory due diligence on the Property, obtaining financing and other customary closing conditions. There is no assurance at this time that the Purchaser will purchase the Property. The Company plans to use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The above description of the terms of the sale and leaseback transaction does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Sale Agreement which is filed as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Sale Agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to this report, contains provisions, including representations and warranties of the parties, that are intended only for the purpose of establishing a commercial relationship between the parties, including allocating risk between them. These representations and warranties speak only as of a specific date, are subject to transaction-specific, negotiated limitations, qualifications and standards of materiality and do not purport to be factually accurate statements about the matters they address. Accordingly, investors should not rely on such representations and warranties and other provisions as statements of fact about the Company or any other person. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. For such statements, the Company claims the protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual events or results may differ materially from the Company’s expectations. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied by the Company’s forward-looking statements are disclosed in the Company’s reports filed with the Commission. Item 9.01. Exhibits. 1 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 2