nvax-20240130 FALSE 0001000694 0001000694 2024-01-30 2024-01-30 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 30, 2024 NOVAVAX, INC . (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 700 Quince Orchard Road Gaithersburg , Maryland 20878 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) (240) 268-2000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.05. Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. As previously announced, Novavax, Inc. (the “Company”) has recently prioritized reducing its annual combined research and development and selling, general and administrative spend. In connection with those plans, on January 30, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an approximately 12% reduction of its global workforce, comprised of an approximately 9% reduction in the Company’s full-time employees and the remainder comprised of contractors and consultants. The Company expects the full annual impact of the cost savings to be realized in 2025 and approximately 85% of the annual impact, excluding one-time charges, to be realized in 2024 due to timing of implementing the measures and the applicable laws, regulations and other factors in the jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company is expected to record a charge of approximately $4 million to $7 million related to one-time employee severance and benefit costs, the majority of which is expected to be incurred in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, the resulting Company workforce is expected to be approximately 30% lower as compared to the end of the first quarter of 2023. This Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements including the Company’s priorities, the size and timing of the Company’s workforce reduction, the amount and timing of the charges and cash expenditures resulting from the workforce reduction, and the expected timing and impact of cost savings from the global restructuring and cost reduction plan. Generally, forward-looking statements can be identified through the use of words or phrases such as “believe,” “may,” “could,” “will,” “would,” “possible,” “can,” “estimate,” “continue,” “ongoing,” “consider,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “seek,” “plan,” “project,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “aim,” or “assume,” the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements, and, therefore, you should not place considerable reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, that the workforce reduction may be larger than currently anticipated, the Company may incur additional costs not currently contemplated, and other risks and uncertainties are identified under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date when it is made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, unless required by law. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict which factors will arise. In addition, the Company cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.