10-Q 1 real-10q_20200930.htm 10-Q real-10q_20200930.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020 OR For the transition period from ____ to ____ Commission File Number: 001-38953 The RealReal, Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (855) 435-5893 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ As of November 1, 2020, the registrant had 88,577,407 shares of common stock, $0.00001 par value per share, outstanding. Table of Contents i NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans, objectives of management for future operations, long term operating expenses, the opening of additional retail stores in the future, the development of our automation technology, expectations for capital requirements and the use of proceeds from our initial public offering, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “will”, “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the section titled “Risk Factors” included under Part II, Item 1A below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations include: In addition, statements such as “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and, although we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted a thorough inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. ii PART I—FINANCI AL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements THE REALREAL, INC. Condensed Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share and per share data) (Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 THE REALREAL, INC. Condensed Statements of Operations (In thousands, except share and per share data) (Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 THE REALREAL, INC. Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss (In thousands) (Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 THE REALREAL, INC. Condensed Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) (In thousands, except share amounts) (Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 THE REALREAL, INC. Condensed Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) (In thousands, except share amounts) (Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 5 THE REALREAL, INC. Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) (Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 6 THE REALREAL, INC. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation Organization and Description of Business The RealReal, Inc. (the “Company”) is an online marketplace for authenticated, consigned luxury goods across multiple categories, including women’s, men’s, kids’, jewelry and watches, and home and art. The Company was incorporated in the state of Delaware on March 29, 2011 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California. Impact of the Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) Pandemic The COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted the Company's business operations and results of operations in 2020. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, net revenues decreased 4% and 5% compared to the same periods in 2019, respectively, primarily due to adverse impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic on the business as further described below. Operations in the Company’s fulfillment facilitates were initially limited in accordance with shelter-in-place orders resulting in operations below full capacity . However, operations capacity was no longer limited by restrictions related to COVID-19 during the three months ended September 30, 2020. In-person white glove consignment appointments were temporarily suspended and augmented with virtual appointments but remain an option for our consignor base. All luxury consignment offices and retail stores were temporarily closed for varying periods of time but were all open during the entirety of three months ended September 30, 2020. While the continuing and ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain, the Company expects its business operations and results of operations, including its net revenues, earnings and cash flows, will be further materially adversely impacted, including as a result of possible new restrictions to curb the spread of the disease, decreased productivity due to shelter-in-place orders, and a slowdown in the U.S. economy and uncertain global economic outlook. The Company believes that its financial resources, along with managing discretionary expenses, will allow it to manage the anticipated impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s business operations for the foreseeable future. The Company believes its existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments as of September 30, 2020 will be sufficient to meet its working capital and capital expenditures needs for at least the next 12 months. Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) for interim reporting. The Company’s functional and reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The condensed balance sheet as of December 31, 2019 included herein was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date. The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to state fairly the Company’s financial position, results of operations, comprehensive loss, redeemable convertible preferred stock, convertible preferred stock, and stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the periods presented. These unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s financial statements and notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2020. Initial Public Offering The Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 (the “IPO Registration Statement”) related to its initial public offering (“IPO”) was declared effective on June 27, 2019, and the Company’s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 28, 2019. On July 2, 2019, the Company completed its IPO, selling 15,000,000 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $20.00 per share, plus an additional 2,250,000 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $20.00 per share pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. The Company received aggregate net proceeds of $315.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $24.1 million and issuance costs of $5.3 million. Immediately p rior to the completion of the IPO, the Company filed its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which authorizes a total of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, and 50,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. 7 The Company recorded the conversion of 114 , 960 , 357 shares of convertible preferred stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock then outstanding into 58,363,606 shares of common stock to additional paid-in capital . A ll outstanding preferred stock warrants converted into an aggregate of 10 3 ,563 common stock warrants . Reverse Stock Split On June 13, 2019 the Company effected a reverse split of shares of the Company’s common stock on a 1-for-2 basis (the “Reverse Stock Split”). All issued and outstanding shares of common stock, warrants for common stock, options to purchase common stock and the related per share amounts contained in the financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. The par value and authorized shares of common stock were not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Additionally, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock and their related per share amounts, other than the conversion price per share, were not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and li abilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include those related to revenue recognition, including the returns reserve and material right related to the Company’s tiered consignor commission plan, valuation of inventory, software development costs, stock-based compensation, redemption value of redeemable convertible preferred stock, incremental borrowing rates related to lease liability, fair value of the liability component of convertible senior notes, and other contingencies. The Company evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors and adjusts those estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company assessed the impacts of the pandemic on the estimates and assumptions used in preparing these financial statements. In particular, the Company is monitoring its returns reserve and adjusting in response to changing consumer behaviors. Its estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained; any such changes will be recognized in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from estimates, and any such differences may be material to the financial statements. Net Loss per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders The Company follows the two-class method when computing net loss per common share when shares are issued that meet the definition of participating securities. The two-class method determines net loss per common share for each class of common stock and participating securities according to dividends declared or accumulated and participation rights in undistributed earnings. The two-class method requires income (loss) available or attributable to common stockholders for the period to be allocated between common stock and participating securities based upon their respective rights to receive dividends as if all income for the period had been distributed. Before the IPO, the Company’s redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock were considered participating securities. However, the holders of such shares did not have a contractual obligation to participate in the Company’s losses. The Company’s convertible senior notes are participating securities as they give the holders the right to receive dividends if dividend or distribution declared to the common stockholders is equal to or greater than the last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution as if the instruments had been converted into shares of common stock. No undistributed earnings were allocated to the participating securities as the contingent event is not satisfied as of the reporting date . For periods in which the Company reports net losses, diluted net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders is the same as basic net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders, because potentially dilutive common shares and assumed conversion of the convertible senior notes are not assumed to have been issued within the calculation, if their effect is anti-dilutive. Revenue Recognition The Company generates revenue from the sale of pre-owned luxury goods through its online marketplace and retail locations. 8 Consignment and Service Revenue The Company provides a service to sell pre-owned luxury goods on behalf of consignors to buyers through its online marketplace and retail locations. The Company retains a percentage of the proceeds received as payment for its consignment service, which the Company refers to as its take rate. The Company reports consignment revenue on a net basis as an agent and not the gross amount collected from the buyer. Title to the consigned goods remain with the consignor until transferred to the buyer subsequent to purchase of the consigned goods and expiration of the allotted return period. The Company does not take title of consigned goods at any time except in certain cases where returned goods become Company-owned inventory. The Company recognizes consignment revenue upon purchase of the consigned good by the buyer as its performance obligation of providing consignment services to the consignor is satisfied at that point. Consignment revenue is recognized net of certain buyer incentives and estimated returns and cancellations. The Company recognizes a returns reserve based on historical experience, which is recorded in other accrued and current liabilities on the condensed balance sheets (see Note 5). Sales tax assessed by governmental authorities is excluded from revenue. Certain transactions provide consignors with a material right resulting from the tiered consignor commission plan. Under this plan, the amount an individual consignor receives for future sales of consigned goods may be dependent on previous consignment sales for that consignor within his/her consignment period. Accordingly, in certain consignment transactions, a small portion of the Company’s consignment revenue is allocated to such material right using the portfolio method and recorded as deferred revenue, which is recorded in other accrued and current liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. The Company charges shipping fees to buyers and has elected to treat shipping and handling activities performed after control transfers to the buyer as fulfillment activities. All outbound shipping and handling costs are accounted for as fulfillment costs in cost of consignment and service revenue at the time revenue is recognized. The Company also generates subscription revenue from monthly memberships allowing buyers early access to shop for luxury goods. The buyers receive the early access and other benefits over the term of the subscription period, which represents a single stand-ready performance obligation. Therefore, the subscription fees paid by the buyer are recognized over the monthly subscription period. Subscription revenue was not material in the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019. Direct Revenue The Company generates direct revenue from the sale of Company-owned inventory. The Company recognizes direct revenue on a gross basis upon shipment of the purchased good to the buyer as the Company acts as the principal in the transaction. Direct revenue is recognized net of incentives and estimated returns. Sales tax assessed by governmental authorities is excluded from revenue. Cost of direct revenue is also recognized upon shipment to the buyer in an amount equal to that paid to the consignor from the original consignment sale, an amount equal to that paid as a direct purchase from a third party, or the lower of cost of the inventory purchased and its net realizable value. Incentives Promotional incentives, which include basket promotional code discounts and other credits, may periodically be offered to consignors and buyers. These are treated as a reduction of consignment and service revenue and direct revenue. Additionally, the Company may offer site credits to buyers on current transactions to be applied towards future transactions, which are accounted as deferred revenue and included in other accrued and current liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. Contract Liabilities The Company’s contractual liabilities consist of deferred revenue for material rights primarily related to the tiered consignor commission plan totaling $1.3 million as of September 30, 2020 and $3.5 million as of December 31, 2019, which are recognized as revenue using a portfolio approach based on the pattern of exercise, and certain unredeemed site credits, which were immaterial as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Contract liabilities are recorded in other accrued and current liabilities on the condensed balance sheets and are generally expected to be recognized within one year. Cost of Revenue Cost of consignment and service revenue consist of shipping costs, credit card fees, packaging, customer service personnel-related costs, and website hosting services. Cost of direct revenue consists of the cost of goods sold, credit card fees, packaging, customer service personnel-related costs, and website hosting services. 9 Stock-based Compensation Stock-based compensation expense related to employees is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the awards. Compensation expense is recognized in the statements of operations over the period during which the employee is required to perform services in exchange for the award (the vesting period of the applicable award) using the straight-line method. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and accounts for forfeitures as they occur. The fair value of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) is estimated based on the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant, which is determined based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock. Prior to the IPO, certain employees have sold their shares of the Company’s common stock to the Company’s existing investors. In such secondary sale transactions, the Company recorded the difference in purchase price and the fair value of such shares as compensation expense within selling, general and administrative in the statements of operations and a corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital. Cash, Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less from the purchase date to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist primarily of amounts invested in U.S. treasury securities. Short-term Investments The Company has classified and accounted for its short-term investments as available-for-sale which are carried at fair value on its condensed balance sheets. Available-for-sale securities with remaining maturities of 12 months or less are classified as short term and available-for-sale securities with remaining maturities greater than 12 months are classified as long term. The Company records any unrealized gains and losses within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders’ equity (deficit), except for unrealized losses determined to be other than temporary, of which there were none as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The Company evaluates its short-term investments periodically for possible impairment. A decline in the fair value below the amortized costs of the short-term investment is considered an other-than-temporary impairment if the Company has the intent to sell the short-term investments or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the short-term investment before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis. Inventory, Net Inventory primarily consists of finished goods arising from goods returned after the title has transferred from the buyer to the Company in an amount equal to that paid to the consignor. The Company also periodically purchases finished goods directly from vendors. Inventory is valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value using the specific identification method and the Company records provisions, as appropriate, to write down obsolete and excess inventory to estimated net realizable value. After the inventory value is reduced, adjustments are not made to increase it from the estimated net realizable value. Our provisions to write down obsolete and excess inventory to net realizable value have not been material as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Software Development Costs Proprietary software includes the costs of developing the Company’s internal proprietary business platform and automation projects. The Company capitalizes qualifying proprietary software development costs that are incurred during the application development stage. Capitalization of costs begins when two criteria are met: (1) the preliminary project stage is completed and (2) it is probable that the software will be completed and used for its intended function. Such costs are capitalized in the period incurred. Capitalization ceases and amortization begins when the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, including the completion of all significant testing. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation operating activities are expensed as incurred. Accretion of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock The carrying value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock that is probable of redemption is accreted to redemption value from the date of issuance to the earliest redemption date using the effective interest method until redemption is no longer probable. 10 Increases to the carrying value of redeemable convertible preferred stock recognized in each period are charged to additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in capital, charged to accumulated deficit. Convertible Preferred Stock Warrant Liability The Company issued convertible preferred stock warrants in conjunction with the issuance of debt. Such warrants were recorded as other noncurrent liabilities on the condensed balance sheets at their estimated fair value because the shares underlying the warrants may obligate the Company to transfer assets to the holders at a future date under certain circumstances such as a deemed liquidation event. The warrants are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date and the change in fair value, if any, is included in other income (expense), net. The Company continued to remeasure these warrants until the earlier of the expiration, exercise or conversion of the convertible preferred stock warrants into common warrants, which occurred upon the completion of the IPO on July 2, 2019. In connection with the completion of the IPO, the convertible preferred stock warrants automatically converted into common stock warrants. Upon conversion of the convertible preferred stock warrants, the related convertible preferred stock warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in capital. Leases Prior to the adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2020 Leases are reviewed for classification as operating or capital leases. For operating leases, the Company recognizes rent on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The Company records the difference between cash payments and rent expense recognized as a deferred rent liability included in other accrued and current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. Incentives granted under the Company’s facility leases, including allowances to fund leasehold improvements, are deferred and are recognized as adjustments to rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Subsequent to the adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2020 Contracts that have been determined to convey the right to use an identified asset are evaluated for classification as an operating or finance lease. For the Company’s operating leases, the Company records a lease liability based on the present value of the lease payments at lease inception, using the applicable incremental borrowing rate. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate by developing its own synthetic credit rating, corresponding yield curve, and the terms of each lease at the lease commencement date . The corresponding right-of-use asset is recorded based on the corresponding lease liability at lease inception, adjusted for payments made to the lessor at or before the commencement date, initial direct costs incurred and any tenant incentives allowed for under the lease. The Company does not include optional renewal terms or early termination provisions unless the Company is reasonably certain such options would be exercised at the inception of the lease. Operating lease right-of-use assets, operating lease liabilities, current portion and operating lease liabilities, net of current portion are included on the Company’s condensed balance sheet. The Company has elected the practical expedients that allows for the combination of lease components and non-lease components and to record short-term leases as lease expense on a straight-line basis on the condensed statements of operations. Variable lease payments are recorded as expense as they are incurred. The Company has finance leases for several vehicles, and the amounts of finance lease right-of-use assets and finance lease liabilities have been immaterial to date. Convertible Senior Notes In accordance with ASC 470, convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash or other assets, or partially in cash, upon conversion, are separately accounted for as long-term debt and equity components (or conversion feature). The accounting applies to the Company’s convertible senior notes (the “Notes”) issued in June 2020. The debt component represents the Company’s contractual obligation to pay principal and interest and the equity component represents the Company’s option to convert the debt security into equity of the Company or the equivalent amount of cash. Upon issuance, the Company allocated the debt component on the basis of the estimated fair value of an identical debt instrument that it would issue excluding the convertible option and the remaining proceeds are allocated to the equity component. The bifurcation of the debt and equity components resulted in a debt discount for the aforementioned notes. In accordance with ASC 470, the Company uses the interest method to amortize the debt discount to interest expense over the amortization period which is the expected life of the debt. 11 Capped Call Transa ctions In June 2020, in connection with the issuance of its convertible senior notes, the Company entered into Capped Call Transactions (see Note 6). The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the holders of the Company’s common stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on the cap price. The capped calls meet the conditions outlined in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging , to be classified in stockholders’ equity as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and are not subsequently remeasured as long as the conditions for equity classification continue to be met. Debt Issuance Costs Debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the estimated life of the related debt based on the effective interest method. In accordance with ASC 835, Interest , the Company presents debt issuance costs on the condensed balance sheet as a direct deduction from the associated debt. A portion of debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the Notes issued in June 2020 was related to the equity component and was recorded as a reduction to additional paid in capital and is not amortized to interest expense over the estimated life of the related debt. Concentrations of Credit Risks Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and investments. At times, such amount may exceed federally-insured limits. The Company reduces credit risk by placing its cash, cash equivalents, and investments with major financial institutions within the United States. As of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, there were no customers that represented 10% or more of the Company’s accounts receivable balance and there were no customers that individually exceeded 10% of the Company’s total revenue for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) . ASU 2016-02 is aimed at making leasing activities more transparent and comparable. This new standard requires substantially all leases to be recognized by lessees on their balance sheets as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. The new standard is effective for non-public entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. The Company is an emerging growth company “EGC”, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (JOBS Act). Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. The new standard is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2022. The Company chose to early adopt the standard on January 1, 2020. The Company can choose to adopt new or revised accounting standards earlier than such time those standards apply to private companies and retain its election for the extended transition period, if early adoption is permitted for all entities. The Company adopted and began applying the standard on January 1, 2020 using the modified retrospective approach and applied it to all existing leases as of the adoption date, which allows for a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings on the adoption date. The Company will continue to present prior period amounts under ASC 840. In addition, the Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard which does not require the Company to reassess whether contracts that expired prior to the adoption date contained an embedded lease, reassess historical lease classification, or evaluate direct costs for leases that were in effect at the adoption date. As a result of implementing this guidance, the Company recognized $110.3 million in right of use assets as of January 1, 2020. The Company also recorded $12.8 million in current operating lease liabilities and $106.2 million in operating lease liabilities, net of current portion in its condensed balance sheet as of January 1, 2020. In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) . This standard modifies disclosure requirements related to fair value measurement and is effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2020, which did not have a material impact on its financial statements. 12 Recently Issued Accounting Prono uncements As an EGC, the Company has elected to retain the ability to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that the Company (i) is no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, the Company’s financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Because the market value of the Company’s common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of June 30, 2020, the Company will be deemed a “large accelerated filer” under the Exchange Act and will lose emerging growth company status as of December 31, 2020. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326) . The standard amends guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available for sal e debt securities. For available for sale debt securities, credit losses will be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. As an EGC, the Company has not yet adopted the standard. However, the Company will be required to adopt the standard as of January 1, 2020 in its 2020 10-K. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on the operating results. In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718), which expands the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from non-employees. As an EGC, the Company has not yet adopted the standard. However, as the Company will be required to adopt the standard as of January 1, 2020 in its 2020 10-K. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on the operating results. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt – Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity , which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments , such as the Convertible Senior Notes discussed in Note 6, by removing major separation models required under current U.S. GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The ASU will be effective for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2021 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its financial statements. Note 3. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments The following tables summarize the estimated value of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments (in thousands): 13 As of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the contractual maturity for the short-term investments is less than one year. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized no material realized gains or losses on short-term investments. Note 4. Fair Value Measurement Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis on the condensed balance sheets are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair values. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or an exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs such as unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. Level 2—Inputs (other than quoted prices included in Level 1) are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the periods presented. The following tables provide the financial instruments measured at fair value (in thousands): 14 On June 15, 2020, the Company issued 3.00% convertible senior notes due 2025 with embedded conversion features. The Company estimated the fair value of the Notes using a discounted cash flow approach to derive the value of a debt instrument using the expected cash flows and the estimated yield related to the convertible notes. The significant assumptions used in estimating the expected cash flows were the estimated market yield based on an implied yield and credit quality analysis of a term loan with similar attributes. The Company recorded approximately $152.7 million as the fair value of the liability on June 15, 2020, with a corresponding amount recorded as a discount on the initial issuance of the Notes of approximately $19.8 million. The debt discount was recorded to equity and is being amortized to the debt liability over the life of the Notes using the effective interest method. As of September 30, 2020, the fair value of the Notes, which differs from its carrying value is determined by prices for the Notes observed in market trading. The market for trading of the Notes is not considered to be an active market and therefore the estimate of fair value is based on Level 2 inputs, such as interest rates. As of September 30, 2020, the estimated fair value of the Notes, which has an aggregate face value of $172.5 million, was $172.0 million based on the market price on the last trading day for the period. Note 5. Condensed Balance Sheet Components Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in thousands): Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was $4.9 million and $3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and $13.7 million and $9.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Proprietary software taken out of service during the three months ended September 30, 2020 was $6.8 million and was fully depreciated. 15 Other Accrued and Current Liabilities Other accrued and current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): Note 6. Debt and Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants Convertible Senior Notes In June 2020, the Company issued an aggregate principal of $172.5 million of its 3.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the “Notes”), pursuant to an indenture (the “Indenture”) between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, in a private offering (the “Note Offering”) to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Notes issued in the Note Offering include $22.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes sold to the initial purchasers resulting from the exercise in full of their option to purchase additional Notes. The Notes will mature on June 15, 2025, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted. The Company received net proceeds from the Notes offering of approximately $165.8 million, after deducting the initial purchasers’ discount and commission and offering expenses. The Company used approximately $22.5 million of the net proceeds from the Notes offering to fund the net cost of entering into the capped call transactions described below. The Company intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2020. The initial conversion rate applicable to the Notes is 56.2635 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $17.77 per share of the Company’s common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events but will not be adjusted for accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a corporate event, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional shares for a holder that elects to convert its Notes in connection with such corporate event. The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company’s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after June 20, 2023 if the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. Prior to March 15, 2025, the Notes will be convertible only under the following circumstances: 16 On and after March 15, 2025, until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or a portion of their Notes, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Notes will be settled, at the Company’s election, in cash, shares of the Company’s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company’s common stock. It is the Company’s current intent to settle conversions of the Notes through combination settlement, which involves repayment of the principal portion in cash and any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount in shares of its common stock. The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company and will rank senior in right of payment to any of future indebtedness of the Company that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; rank equal in right of payment to any existing and future unsecured indebtedness of the Company that is not so subordinated; be effectively subordinated in right of payment to any secured indebtedness of the Company to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and be structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities and obligations incurred by future subsidiaries of the Company. If bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization occurs with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company), then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If an event of default (other than bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization with respect to the Company and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of ours) occurs and is continuing, then, with the exception of certain reporting events of default, the trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of notes then outstanding, by notice to us and the trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. In accounting for the issuance of the Notes, the Company separately accounted for the liability and equity components of the Notes by allocating the proceeds between the liability component and the embedded conversion options, or equity component, due to Company’s ability to settle the Notes in cash, its common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock at Company’s option. The allocation was done by first estimating the fair value of the liability component and the residual value was assigned to the equity component. The value of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated convertible feature. The allocation was performed in a manner that reflected the Company’s non-convertible debt borrowing rate for similar debt. The interest rate of 5.67% was used to compute the initial fair value of the liability component of $152.7 million. The equity component is not remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification. The net carrying amount of the liability component of the Notes was as follows: The net carrying amount of the equity component of the Notes was as follows: In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company incurred approximately $6.7 million of debt issuance costs, which primarily consisted of initial purchasers’ discounts and legal and other professional fees. The Company allocated these costs to the liability and equity components based on the allocation of the proceeds. The portion of these costs allocated to the equity component totaling approximately $0.8 million was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. The portion of these costs allocated to the liability component totaling approximately $5.9 million was recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the debt on the condensed balance sheet and is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected life of the Notes or 17 approximately its five-year term. The effective interest rate on the liability component of the Notes for the period from the date of issuance through September 30, 2020 was 6.4% . The following table sets forth the amounts recorded in interest expense related to the Notes from the date of issuance through September 30, 2020: Future minimum payments under the Notes as of September 30, 2020, are as follows: Capped Call Transactions with Respect to the Notes In June 2020, in connection with the issuance of the Notes, including the initial purchasers’ exercise of the option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with respect to its common stock (the “Purchased Calls”) with certain financial institutions (collectively, the “Counterparties”). The Company paid an aggregate amount of approximately $22.5 million to the Counterparties for the Purchased Calls. The Purchased Calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments that are intended to be substantially identical to those in the Notes, approximately 9,705,454 shares of the Company’s common stock at a strike price that corresponds to the initial conversion price of the Notes, also subject to adjustment, and are exercisable upon conversion of the Notes. The Purchased Call are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified extraordinary events affecting the Company, including merger events, tender offer and announcement events. In addition, the Purchase Calls are subject to certain specified additional disruption events that may give rise to a termination of the Purchased Calls, including nationalization, insolvency or delisting, changes in law, failures to deliver, insolvency filings and hedging disruptions. The Purchased Calls settle in components commencing on April 16, 2025 with the last component scheduled to expire on June 12, 2025. The cap price of the capped call transactions is initially $27.88 per share, which represents a premium of 100.0% over the closing price of the Company’s common stock of $13.94 per share on June 10, 2020, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the capped call transactions. The Company expects to receive from the Counterparties a number of shares of the Company’s common stock or, at the Company’s election (subject to certain conditions), cash, with an aggregate market value (or, in the case of cash settlement, in an amount) approximately equal to the product of such excess times the number of shares of the Company’s common stock relating to the Purchased Calls being exercised. These Capped Call instruments meet the conditions outlined in ASC 815-40 to be classified in stockholders’ equity, are not accounted for as derivatives, and are not subsequently remeasured as long as the conditions for equity classification continue to be met. The Company recorded a reduction to additional paid-in capital of approximately $22.5 million during the three months ended June 30, 2020 related to the premium payments for the Capped Call Transactions. 18 Term Loans In 2013, the Company entered into an agreement to obtain a term loan facility (“Term Loan Facility”) in the amount of $5.0 million for general corporate purposes and working capital expenditures. In 2014, 2015 and 2016, the Company amended its Term Loan Facility to increase the amount borrowed under the facility by $11.6 million. The Term Loan Facility is secured by liens on substantially all of the Company’s present and future assets. The Term Loan Facility includes affirmative, negative and financial covenants that restrict the Company’s ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, make investments, sell or otherwise dispose of assets, pay dividends or repurchase stock. The Term Loan Facility’s financial covenants required the Company to achieve at least 80% of its forecasted gross revenue and a liquidity ratio on a monthly basis. In 2017, the Company executed the eighth amendment (“Eight Amendment”) to the Term Loan Facility. The Eighth Amendment refinanced the $15.0 million repayment schedule to be two term loans, which included a $7.5 million interest only term loan with a maturity date of January 31, 2019 (“Term Loan I”), and the remaining $7.5 million under the existing Term Loan Facility with a maturity date of January 1, 2020 (“Term Loan II”) (together the “Term Loans”). In 2018, the Company entered into the ninth, tenth, eleventh, and twelfth amendment (“Ninth Amendment,” “Tenth Amendment,” “Eleventh Amendment” and “Twelfth Amendment”) to the existing Term Loans. The Ninth Amendment removed the liquidity ratio covenant, amended Term Loan I to be due in 30 equal monthly installments, plus all accrued interest, beginning July 31, 2018, increased the variable annual interest rate from 0.10% above the prime rate to 0.35% above the prime rate and extended the maturity date of Term Loan I to January 31, 2021. The Eighth Amendment and Ninth Amendment required the Company to pay a combined success fee of $0.3 million upon (1) any sale or licensing of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, (2) any change in control of the Company, or (3) an initial public offering of the Company’s equity securities. The Ninth Amendment also required the Company to pay an additional success fee of $0.1 million upon the sale or issuance of the Company’s equity securities or subordinated debt securities for net cash proceeds of at least $50.0 million on or prior to June 30, 2018. The Company paid the $0.1 million success fee upon the Series G convertible preferred stock financing in June 2018 and the $0.3 million success fee related to its IPO in July 2019. The Tenth and Twelfth Amendments adjusted and waived certain covenant violations which were subsequently amended and met. The Eleventh Amendment provided an additional letter of credit of $1.5 million for corporate credit cards with a maturity date of August 1, 2019. On July 26, 2019 the Company fully repaid the principal of its Term Loans in the amount of $6.5 million. With the repayment of the term loans, the Company was no longer subject to debt covenants as of September 30, 2020. Interest expense related to the Term Loans was zero and immaterial for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company recorded interest expense related to the Term Loans of zero and $0.6 million, respectively. Warrants Issued with Term Loan Facility During the period from 2013 to 2016, in connection with the Term Loan Facility, the Company issued convertible preferred stock warrants, which included warrants to purchase 131,652 shares of its Series B convertible preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.03 per share, 6,868 shares of its Series C convertible preferred stock with an exercise price of $2.18 per share, 43,010 shares of its Series D convertible preferred stock with an exercise price of $2.79 per share and 25,597 shares of its Series E convertible preferred stock with an exercise price of $2.93 per share (together the “Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants”). The Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants were exercisable from the date of issuance and have a 10-year term. The initial estimated fair value of the Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants was recorded as convertible preferred stock warrant liability with an offset to the debt discount associated with the Term Loan Facility. The debt discount is amortized to interest expense over the repayment period of the loan using the effective-interest method. All convertible Preferred Stock Warrants were converted to common stock warrants and exercised through net share settlement in July 2019. No warrants were outstanding as of September 30, 2020. 19 Note 7 . Convertible Preferred Stock and Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock In March 2019, the Company sold 6,350,345 shares of Series H redeemable convertible preferred stock and 3,831,766 shares of Series H convertible preferred stock at $6.8748 per share to new and existing investors for aggregate gross proceeds of $70.0 million. At March 31, 2019, convertible preferred stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock consisted of the following (in thousands, except share amounts): On July 2, 2019 and immediately prior to the completion of the IPO, all outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock then outstanding converted into 58,363,606 shares of common stock. The carrying value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock was accreted to redemption value from the date of issuance to the earliest redemption date using the effective interest method. As of March 31, 2019, the Company determined that redemption of the redeemable convertible preferred stock was not probable and as such, did not record any additional accretion after March 31, 2019. Note 8. Share-based Compensation Plans 2011 Equity Incentive Plan In 2011, the Company adopted the Equity Incentive Plan (2011 Plan) authorizing the granting of incentive stock options (ISOs) and non-statutory stock options (NSOs) to eligible participants for up to 12,987,255 shares of common stock. Under the 2011 Plan, incentive stock options and non-statutory stock options are to be granted at an exercise price that is no less than 100% of the fair value of the stock at the date of grant. Options generally vest over four years and are exercisable for up to 10 years after the date of grant. Incentive stock options granted to stockholders who own more than 10% of the outstanding stock of the Company at the time of grant must be issued at an exercise price no less than 110% of the fair value of the stock on the date of grant. The 2011 Plan has been replaced by the Company’s 2019 Plan as defined below with respect to future equity awards. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan In connection with the Company’s initial public offering, the Company adopted the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2019 Plan”). The 2019 Plan allows the Company to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance awards to participants. Subject to the terms and conditions of the 2019 Plan, the initial number of shares authorized for grants under the 2019 Plan is 8,000,000. These available shares increase annually by an amount equal to the lesser of 8,000,000 shares, 5% of the number of shares of the Company’s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or the number of shares determined by the Company’s board of directors. On August 4, 2020, the Company’s board of directors approved an increase of shares available for grant under the 2019 Plan by 4,293,616 shares. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In connection with the Company’s initial public offering, the Company adopted the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The Employee Stock Purchase Plan permits employees to purchase shares of common stock during six-month offering periods at a purchase price equal to the lesser of (1) 85% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the first business day of such offering period and (2) 85% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the last business day of such offering period. The plan is considered compensatory and, as such, the purchase discount from market price purchased by employees will be recorded as compensation expense. The initial number of shares of common stock that could be issued under the employee stock purchase plan was 1,750,000 shares. These available shares increase by an amount equal to the lesser of 1,750,000 shares, 1% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or the number of shares determined by the 20 Company’s board of directors. On August 4, 2020, the Company’s board of directors approved an increase in the shares available for grant under the ESPP by 858,723 shares. T he initial offering period runs from May 15, 2020 to Novemb er 14, 2020. There were no shares purchased by employees under the ESPP during the three months and nine months ended September 30 , 2020 and 2019. T he Company selected the Black-Scholes option-pricing model as the method for determining the estimated fair value for the Company’s 2019 ESPP. As of September 30, 2020, total unrecognized compensation costs related to the 2019 ESPP was $0. 1 million which w ill be amortized over a weighted average period of 0. 1 years. Stock-based Compensation Total stock-based compensation expense, excluding compensation expense related to stock sales by current and former employees, by function was as follows (in thousands): The amounts presented in the above table exclude compensation expense related to the stock sales by current and former employees. I n March 2019, executives of the Company sold an aggregate of 382,477 shares of the Company’s common stock at a price of $12.72 per share for an aggregate amount of $4.9 million to certain of the Company’s existing investors. The Company determined that the purchase price was in excess of the fair value of such shares. As a result, during the three months ended March 31, 2019, the Company recorded the excess of the purchase price above fair value of $0.8 million as compensation expense within selling, general and administrative in the statement of operations and a corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital. Note 9. Leases The Company leases its corporate offices, retail spaces and merchandising and fulfillment facilities under various noncancelable operating leases with terms ranging from one year to fourteen years. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2020. At adoption, t he Company measured the lease liability at the present value of the future lease payments as of January 1, 2020, using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate for each lease. The Company derived the incremental borrowing rate by developing its own synthetic credit rating, corresponding yield curve, and the terms of each lease at the adoption date . The corresponding right-of-use asset is valued at the amount of the lease liability adjusted for the remaining balance of unamortized lease incentives, prepaid rent and deferred rent as of the adoption date. The Company recorded operating lease costs of $6.2 million and $18.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. The Company also incurred $1.1 million and $3.1 million, respectively, of variable lease costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020. The variable lease cost is comprised primarily of the Company’s proportionate share of operating expenses, property taxes and insurance. Rent expense under ASC 840 was $4.8 million and $13.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019, respectively. Maturities of operating lease liabilities by fiscal year for the Company’s operating leases are as follows (in thousands): 21 As of December 31, 2019, the Company’s future minimum lease payments under the noncancelable operating leases were as follows (in thousands): Supplemental cash flow information related to the Company’s operating leases are as follows (in thousands): The weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company’s operating leases are as follows: The Company has leases for certain vehicles that are classified as finance leases. The finance lease right-of-use asset and finance lease liabilities for these vehicle leases are immaterial as of September 30, 2020. Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies Noncancelable Purchase Commitments The Company has commitments for cloud services and other services in the ordinary course of business with varying expiration terms through 2022. As of September 30, 2020, there were no material changes to the Company’s noncancelable purchase commitments disclosed in the financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other Commitments In January 2018, the Company and the University of Arizona Foundation entered into an endowment agreement (the “Endowment Agreement”) to establish a fund (the “Fund”) to create and grow a gemology degree program in the Department of Geosciences at the University of Arizona (the “University”). The Company agreed to donate a total of $2.0 million, payable in four annual installments of $0.5 million starting in January 2018. There are no conditions that the University must meet to receive the funds nor any penalties to the University for nonperformance. The Endowment Agreement directs the use of the funds but contains no binding restrictions on the use of the funds. On the execution of the Endowment Agreement, the Company recognized $1.7 million expense for the estimated fair value of the grant, using a discount rate of 10%, to selling, general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company recognized a corresponding liability for the remaining installment payments and will recognize accretion of the liability as interest expense over the remaining term of the Endowment Agreement. Interest expense related to the accretion of the grant liability was not material in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019. As of September 30, 2020, the outstanding liability was $0.5 million, which is included in other accrued and current liabilities. As of December 31, 2019, the outstanding liability was $0.9 million, of which $0.5 million is included in other accrued and current liabilities on the condensed balance sheets and $0.4 million is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. 22 Contingencies From time to time, the Company is subject to, and it is presently involved in, litigation and other legal proceedings and from time to time, the Company receives inquiries from government agencies. Accounting for contingencies requires the Company to use judgment related to both the likelihood of a loss and the estimate of the amount or range of loss. The Company records a loss contingency when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company discloses material contingencies when a loss is not probable but reasonably possible. On November 14, 2018, Chanel, Inc. (“Chanel”) filed a lawsuit against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York bringing various trademark and advertising-related claims under the Lanham Act and New York state law analogues. Chanel alleges, among other things, that the Company has misrepresented certain counterfeit Chanel products as authentic Chanel products, that the Company’s resale of Chanel products confuses consumers into believing that Chanel is affiliated with the Company and involved in authenticating consignors ’ goods and that only Chanel is capable of authenticating second-hand Chanel goods. The Court issued an Opinion & Order on March 30, 2020 denying in part and granting in part the Company’s motion to dismiss. The Company filed its answer and affirmative defenses on May 29, 2020. Chanel’s claims are now in the discovery phase. On October 30, 2020, the Company sought leave to file a motion to amend its answer to add counterclaims against Chanel alleging anticompetitive conduct in violation of the federal and state antitrust laws as well as tortious interference. On the same day, the court ordered that the Company would be permitted to file its motion or, by stipulation with Chanel, its amended answer. This litigation is in its early stages and the final outcome, including the Company’s liability, if any, with respect to Chanel ’ s claims, is uncertain. Chanel could in the future assert additional trademark and advertising or other claims against the Company in this or other proceedings. An unfavorable outcome in this or similar litigation could adversely affect the Company’s business and could lead to other similar lawsuits. The Company is not able to predict or reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome or possible losses relating to this claim. On September 10, 2019, a purported shareholder class action complaint was filed against the Company, its officers and directors and the underwriters of its IPO in the Superior Court of the State of California in the County of San Mateo. Three additional purported class actions, also alleging claims arising from the IPO were subsequently filed in Marin County and San Francisco County Superior Courts. The San Mateo case was voluntarily dismissed, refiled in Marin County Superior Court and consolidated with the cases there. On January 10, 2020, the Marin County plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. The plaintiffs in the San Francisco Superior Court case have filed a request for dismissal. Separately an additional purported class action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on November 25, 2019. On February 12, 2020, a lead plaintiff was appointed in the federal action and an Amended Consolidated Complaint was filed on March 31, 2020. Defendants’ filed a demurrer and motion to strike in the state court action on March 13, 2020 and filed a motion to stay the proceedings in favor of the federal action on May 1, 2020. On August 4, 2020, the court granted defendants’ motion to stay the state court action and deferred ruling on the demurrer and motion to strike pending the outcome of the federal court action. A motion to dismiss the federal court action was filed on May 15, 2020, which motion remains pending. The state and federal complaints each allege claims under the Securities Act of 1933 on behalf of a purported class of shareholders who acquired the Company’s stock pursuant to or traceable to the registration statement for the Company’s IPO. The federal complaint also alleges claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on behalf of a purported class of shareholders who purchased the Company’s stock from June 27, 2019 through November 20, 2019. The complaints allege, among other things, that the defendants violated federal securities laws by issuing false or misleading statements in the registration statement regarding certain of the Company’s key financial and operating metrics, and related to the Company’s authentication processes. The complaints seek, among other things, damages and interest, rescission, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On September 10, 2020, a purported shareholder filed a putative derivative action in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The derivative complaint alleges factual allegations largely tracking the above referenced lawsuits. The derivative case has been stayed pending a ruling on the motion to dismiss in the federal securities case. While the Company intends to vigorously defend against the litigation described above, the cases are at a very early stage and there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its defense. For this same reason, the Company cannot currently estimate the loss or the range of possible losses it may experience in connection with this litigation. Indemnifications In the ordinary course of business, the Company may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to vendors, directors, officers and other parties with respect to certain matters including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the breach of such agreements, intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties and other liabilities relating to or arising from the Company's various services, or its acts or omissions. The Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnifications and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in its financial statements. 23 Note 1 1 . Income Taxes The quarterly income tax provision reflects an estimate of the corresponding quarter’s state taxes in the United States. The Company has reviewed all positive and negative evidence associated with the realizability of its deferred tax assets, and continues to maintain a full valuation allowance as of September 30, 2020. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act (the “Act”) was signed into law. The Act provides various forms of income tax relief to companies including additional carryback opportunities for net operating losses (NOLs), and the potential offset of 100% of taxable income with NOLs (as opposed to only 80% before the Act’s enactment). The Act also temporarily increases the interest deductibility threshold from 30% to 50% of adjusted taxable income. Further, some companies can immediately expense qualified improvement property, instead of depreciating those costs over 39 years, for income tax purposes. Additionally, if improvement property is capitalized, the life to be used for amortization has been reduced from 39 years to 15 years. Given the Company’s tax attributes, specifically large net operating loss carryforwards, the Act and related provisions do not create immediate material tax relief. However, the Company continues to monitor the various tax provisions. Note 12. Net Loss Per Share A reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the calculation of the basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is as follows (in thousands, except share and per share data): The following securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the periods presented, because including them would have been anti-dilutive (on an as-converted basis, except the Convertible Senior Notes): The Notes issued in June 2020 are convertible, based on the applicable conversion rate, into cash, shares of the Company’s common stock or a combination thereof, at the Company’s election. The impact of the assumed conversion to diluted net income per share is computed using the treasury stock method. Note 13. Subsequent Events Leases In November 2020, the Company signed a new noncancelable operating lease for its fifth warehouse in Arizona. The lease term is through May 31, 2031 with an option to extend for up to ten years. The minimum lease payments for the initial lease term total $31.0 million. 24 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our condensed financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited financial statements and related notes and our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2020. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. See the discussion under “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and particularly in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future, and our interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results we expect for the full calendar year or any other period. Overview We are the world’s largest online marketplace for authenticated, consigned luxury goods. We are revolutionizing luxury resale by providing an end-to-end service that unlocks supply from consignors and creates a trusted, curated online marketplace for buyers globally. Over the past nine years, we have cultivated a loyal and engaged consignor and buyer base through continuous investment in our technology platform, logistics infrastructure and people. We aggregate and curate unique, pre-owned luxury supply that is exclusive to The RealReal across multiple categories, including women’s, men’s, kids’, jewelry and watches, and home and art. We have built a vibrant online marketplace that we believe expands the overall luxury market, promotes the recirculation of luxury goods and contributes to a more sustainable world. We have transformed the luxury consignment experience by removing the friction and pain points inherent in the traditional consignment model. For consignors, we provide White Glove in-home consultation and pickup, drop off at one of our ten luxury consignment offices (“LCOs”) four of which are located in our retail stores, or complimentary shipping directly to our merchandising and fulfillment facilities. We leverage our proprietary transactional database and market insights to deliver optimal pricing and rapid sell-through. For buyers, we offer highly coveted and exclusive authenticated pre-owned luxury goods at attractive values, as well as a high-quality experience befitting the products we offer. Our online marketplace is powered by our proprietary technology platform, including consumer facing applications and purpose-built software that supports our complex, individual stock keeping unit (“single-SKU”) inventory model and merchandising operations. The substantial majority of our revenue is generated by consignment sales. We also generate revenue from other services and direct sales. We generate revenue from orders processed through our website, mobile app, LCOs, and four retail stores located in New York, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. Our omni-channel experience enables buyers to purchase anytime and anywhere. We have a global base of more than 19.3 million members as of September 30, 2020. We count as a member any user who has registered an email address on our website or downloaded our mobile app, thereby agreeing to our terms of service. Our gross merchandise value (“GMV”) decreased by 3% to $245.4 million from $252.8 million in the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our GMV decreased by 3% to $685.7 million from $705.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. However, NMV increased slightly as returns decreased year over year primarily due to a higher mix of non-returnable items, including handbags and certain promoted items. Our total revenue decreased by 4% to $78.1 million from $81.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our total revenue decreased by 5% to $213.7 million and $224.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The decrease in revenue for both periods was driven primarily by the decreases in GMV and take rate. In the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, our gross profit was $49.8 million and $52.2 million, respectively, representing a decrease of 5%. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, our gross profit was $134.8 million and $140.7 million, respectively, representing a decrease of 4%. See “ — Impact of COVID-19 on our Business” below. 25 Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business In March 2020, the World Health Organization categorized the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our business operations and results of operations in 2020 as described in more detail under “ Comparison of the Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019” below. Operations in the Company’s fulfillment facilitates were initially limited in accordance with shelter-in-place orders resulting in operations below full capacity . However, operations capacity was no longer limited by restrictions related to COVID-19 during the three months ended September 30, 2020. Additionally, our retail stores and luxury consignment offices were temporarily closed for varying periods of time, but have been open during the entirety of three months ended September 30, 2020 . In-person white glove consignment appointments were temporarily suspended and augmented with virtual appointments but remain an option for our consignor base. GMV was negatively impacted due to adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, but GMV trends have improved significantly . In March 2020, when many shelter-in-place directives went into effect, and continuing through mid-April 2020, GMV declined approximately 40%-45% year over year. In the three months ended September 30, 2020, GMV declined approximately 3% year over year. With the GMV recovery, we continued to invest in marketing and resumed hiring during the three months ended September 30, 2020. We expect the evolving COVID-19 pandemic to continue to have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and results of operations, including our net revenues, earnings and cash flows, including as a result of further spread of the disease, potential disruption in our fulfillment centers , further temporary closures of retail stores and luxury consignment offices, disruption to our supply acquisition, decreased productivity due to shelter-in-place orders, changes in buyer and consignor behaviors, and a slowdown in the U.S. economy and uncertain global economic outlook. It may result in changes in customer behaviors, including a potential reduction in consumer discretionary spending on our e-c ommerce site and in our retail stores. Travel and border closures do not significantly affect our business as we operate a U.S. focused marketplace. We have taken actions to help ensure that our business will continue uninterrupted through the COVID-19 pandemic, including enforcing social distancing in our fulfillment centers, enabling virtual consignment appointments, implementing curbside pick-up of products from our consignors, and implementing steps to enable employees to work remotely. The impact of these actions on our workforce are difficult to assess. However, we do not believe that these remote work arrangements have adversely affected our ability to maintain our financial reporting systems, internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, we do not expect to encounter any significant challenges to our ability to maintain these systems and controls. We also do not expect the pandemic to affect the assets on our condensed balance sheet and our ability to timely account for those assets. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions used in preparing our financial statements on an ongoing basis . We do not anticipate any material impairments with respect to long-lived assets, right-of-use assets or investments, or changes in accounting judgments that would have a material impact on our financial statements. Other Factors Affecting Our Performance Other key business and marketplace factors, independent of the health and economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, impact our business. To analyze our business performance, determine financial forecasts and help develop long-term strategic plans, we focus on the factors described below. While each of these factors presents significant opportunity for our business, collectively, they also pose important challenges that we must successfully address in order to sustain our growth, improve our operating results and achieve and maintain our profitability. Consignor growth and retention. We grow our sales by increasing the supply of luxury goods offered through our consignment online marketplace. We grow our supply both by attracting new consignors and by creating lasting engagement with existing consignors. We generate leads for new consignors principally through our advertising activity. We convert those leads into active consignors through the activities of our sales professionals, who are trained and incentivized to identify and source high-quality, coveted luxury goods from consignors. Our sales professionals form a consultative relationship with consignors and deliver a high-quality, rapid consigning experience. Our existing relationships with consignors allow us to unlock valuable supply across multiple categories within the home, including women’s, men’s, kids’, jewelry and watches, and home and art. We leverage our proprietary transactional database and market insights based on more than 15.8 million item sales since inception to deliver consignors optimal pricing and rapid sell-through. Our growth has been driven in significant part by repeat sales by existing consignors concurrent with growth of our consignor base. The percentage of GMV from repeat consignors in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 was 83% as compared to 81% for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019. Buyer growth and retention. We grow our business by attracting and retaining buyers. We attract and retain buyers by offering highly coveted, authenticated, pre-owned luxury goods at attractive values and delivering a high-quality, luxury experience. We measure our success in attracting and retaining buyers by tracking buyer satisfaction and purchasing activity over time. We have experienced high buyer satisfaction, as evidenced by our buyer net promoter score of 71 in 2019. 26 We believe there is substantial opportunity to grow our business by having buyers also become co nsignors and vice versa. As of September 30 , 2020 , 13% of our buyers had become consignors and 5 5 % of our consignors had become buyers. If we fail to continue to attract and retain our buyer base to our online marketplace, our operating results would be adversely affected. Scaling operations and technology. To support the future growth of our business, we plan to expand our capacity through investments in physical infrastructure, talent and technology over the long term. We principally conduct our intake, authentication, merchandising and fulfillment operations in our four leased merchandising and fulfillment facilities located in California and New Jersey comprising an aggregate of approximately 1 million square feet of space. The market for real estate to support operations centers such as ours is competitive, and we plan to continue to secure and efficiently bring online additional capacity to support future growth. The opening of our retail stores in New York in late 2017 and Los Angeles in mid-2018 significantly contributed to the increase in operations and technology expense in 2018. We opened a second retail store in New York in May 2019. We opened our fourth retail store in San Francisco in March 2020, and we intend to open additional retail stores in the future. After postponing the opening due to the negative impacts of COVID-19 to our business, our Chicago retail store opened in October 2020. In addition to scaling our physical infrastructure, growing our single-SKU business operations requires that we attract, train and retain highly-skilled personnel for purposes of authentication, copywriting, merchandising, pricing and fulfilling orders. We invest substantially in technology to automate our operations and support growth. We continue to strategically invest in technology despite the difficult operating environment resulting from COVID-19, as innovation positions us to scale and support growth once the economy normalizes. Seasonality. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, we have observed trends in seasonality of supply and demand in our business. Specifically, our supply increases in the third and fourth quarters, and our demand increases in the fourth quarter. As a result of this seasonality, we typically see stronger average order value (“AOV”), and more rapid sell-through in the fourth quarter. We also incur higher operating expenses in the last four months of the year as we increase advertising spend to attract consignors and buyers and increase headcount in sales and operations to handle the higher volumes. However, the adverse impacts of COVID-19 on our business has made it difficult to evaluate the impact of seasonality in our business. While we expect supply will continue to be negatively impacted by COVID-19, we believe its growth will accelerate in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we expect higher advertising spend and demand increases in the fourth quarter. Key Financial and Operating Metrics The key operating and financial metrics that we use to assess the performance of our business are set forth below for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019. GMV GMV represents the total amount paid for goods across our online marketplace in a given period. We do not reduce GMV to reflect product returns or order cancellations. GMV includes amounts paid for both consigned goods and our inventory net of platform-wide discounts and excludes the effect of certain buyer incentives, shipping fees and sales tax. Buyer incentives consist of coupons or promotions that offer credits in connection with purchases on our platform. We believe this is the primary measure of the scale and growth of our online marketplace and the key indicator of the health of our consignor ecosystem. We monitor trends in GMV to inform budgeting and operational decisions to support and promote growth in our business and to monitor our success in adapting our business to meet the needs of our consignors and buyers. While GMV is the primary driver of our revenue, it is not a proxy for revenue or revenue growth. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -Revenue Recognition - Consignment and Service Revenue. 27 NMV NMV, or net merchandise value, represents the value of sales from both consigned goods and our inventory net of platform-wide discounts less product returns and order cancellations and does not take into account the effect of certain buyer incentives, shipping fees and sales tax. We believe NMV is a supplemental measure of the scale and growth of our online marketplace. Like GMV, NMV is not a proxy for revenue or revenue growth. Number of Orders Number of orders means the total number of orders placed across our online marketplace in a given period. We do not reduce number of orders to reflect product returns or order cancellations. Take Rate Take rate is a key driver of our revenue and provides comparability to other marketplaces. The numerator used to calculate our take rate is equal to GAAP consignment and service revenue, excluding certain buyer incentives, shipping and subscription service revenue, and other adjustments. The denominator is equal to the numerator plus consignor commissions. We exclude direct revenue from our calculation of take rate because direct revenue represents the sale of inventory owned by us, which costs are included in cost of direct revenue. See the subsection titled “—Components of our Operating Results—Revenue” for further discussion of consignment and service revenue and direct revenue. Our take rate reflects the high level of service that we provide to our consignors across multiple touch points and the consistently high velocity of sales for their goods. Our take rate structure is a tiered commission structure for consignors, where the more they sell the higher percent commission they earn. Consignors start at a 55% commission (which equals a 45% take rate for us) and can earn up to a 70% commission. This tiered structure applies unless it is overridden by a commission exception. Commission exceptions are used to incentivize our sales team, optimize supply and drive take rate changes. Examples of current commission exceptions include a flat 40% commission on all items under $145, and an 85% commission on watches over $2,500. Management assesses changes in take rates by monitoring the volume of GMV and take rate across each discrete commission grouping, encompassing commission tiers and exceptions. Active Buyers Active buyers include buyers who purchased goods through our online marketplace during the 12 months ended on the last day of the period presented, irrespective of returns or cancellations. We believe this metric reflects scale, brand awareness, buyer acquisition and engagement. Average Order Value (“AOV”) Average order value (“AOV”) means the average value of all orders placed across our online marketplace, excluding shipping fees and sales taxes. Our focus on luxury goods across multiple categories drives a consistently high AOV. Our AOV reflects both the average price of items sold as well as the number of items per order. Our high AOV is a key driver of our operating leverage. 28 Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA means net loss before interest income, interest expense, other (income) expense net, provision for income taxes, and depreciation and amortization, further adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation and certain one-time expenses. Adjusted EBITDA provides a basis for comparison of our business operations between current, past and future periods by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure. The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): Components of our Operating Results Revenue Our revenue is comprised of consignment and service revenue and direct revenue. Cost of Revenue Cost of consignment and services revenue consists of shipping costs, credit card fees, packaging, customer service personnel-related costs, and website hosting services. Cost of direct revenue consists of the cost of goods sold, credit card fees, packaging, customer service personnel-related costs, and website hosting services. Marketing Marketing expense comprises the cost of acquiring new consignors and buyers, including the cost of television, digital and direct mail advertising. Marketing expense also includes personnel-related costs for employees engaged in these activities. Operations and Technology Operations and technology expense principally includes personnel-related costs for employees involved with the authentication, merchandising and fulfillment of goods sold through our online marketplace, as well as our general information technology expense. Operations and technology expense also includes allocated facility and overhead costs, costs related to our retail stores, facility supplies and depreciation of hardware and equipment, as well as research and development expense for technology associated with 29 managing and improving our operations. We capitalize a portion of our proprietary software and technology development costs. As such, operations and technology expense also includes amortization of capitalized technology development costs. While we have implemented cost saving measures to addr ess the challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic, w e expect operations and technology expense to increase over the long term to support our growth, including bringing on additional merchandising and fulfillment facilities and continuing to invest in automatio n and other technology improvements to support and drive efficiency in our operations. These expenses may vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue, depending primarily upon when we choose to make more significant investments. We expect these e xpenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue over the longer term. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expense is principally comprised of personnel-related costs for our sales professionals and employees involved in finance and administration. Selling, general and administrative expense also includes allocated facilities and overhead costs and professional services, including accounting and legal advisors. Provision for Income Tax Our provision for income taxes consists primarily of state minimum taxes in the United States. We have a full valuation allowance for our net deferred tax assets primarily consisting of net operating loss carryforwards, accruals and reserves. We expect to maintain this full valuation allowance for the foreseeable future. Results of Operations The following tables set forth our results of operations (in thousands) and such data as a percentage of revenue for the periods presented: 30 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 Consignment and Service Revenue Consignment and service revenue decreased by $4.8 million, or 7%, in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 . The decrease in revenue was driven primarily by the decreases in GMV and take rate. Supply was negatively impacted in New York City and Los Angeles, our largest markets. Decreased traffic at our retail stores and LCOs also negatively impacted consignment levels during the three months ended September 30, 2020. Consignment and service revenue decreased by $8.3 million, or 4% in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019 . At the beginning the pandemic, limited operations in our fulfillment facilities and the temporary closures of our luxury consignment offices and retail stores in accordance with shelter-in-place directives significantly impacted GMV. B oth supply and demand were adversely impacted by limited operations in our fulfillment facilities , the temporary closures of our luxury consignment offices and retail stores, and disruption in our New York City and Los Angeles markets . In March 2020, when many shelter-in-place directives went into effect, and continuing through mid-April 2020, GMV declined approximately 40%-45% year over year. Since then, GMV trends have improved significantly. GMV declined approximately 3% in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the same period last year. Our take rate decreased to 35.4% from 36.8% in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the same period last year. Take rate decreased due to the higher sales mix of lower take rate categories such as handbags and jewelry, and a higher mix of consignors earning higher commissions. Our take rate decreased to 35.9% from 36.3% in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the same period last year. Constraints on our ability to source supply consequently negatively impacted consumer demand. The continuation of the outbreak may result in changes in customer behaviors, including a potential reduction in consumer discretionary spending on our e-commerce site and in our retail stores. Direct Revenue Direct revenue increased by $1.4 million, or 11%, in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was driven by the higher sales mix of company-owned inventory and higher sales of aged inventory. Direct revenue decreased by $2.3 million, or 6%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine 31 months ended September 30, 2019 . The decrease was driven in part by COVID-19 adverse impacts to our business noted above . We recognize direct revenue on a gross basis upon shipment of the purchased good to the buyer . We expect direct revenue as a percent of total revenue to vary from period to period. Cost of Consignment and Service Revenue Cost of consignment and service revenue decreased by $3.1 million, or 16%, in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 and by $5.3 million, or 10%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the same period last year. The decrease was primarily due to lower revenue in connection with COVID-19 related business interruptions. Gross margin increased by 2.8% in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 and increased by 1.7% in nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to an overall improvement in shipping costs relating to more favorable terms with our shipping carrier . Cost of Direct Revenue Cost of direct revenue increased by $2.1 million, or 22%, in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 and by $0.6 million, or 2%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Gross margin decreased by 7.5% and 6.6% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the same periods last year, primarily due to lower product margins on sales of aged inventory. Marketing Marketing expense increased by $1.8 million, or 13%, in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 as we increased our marketing investments with the improving GMV trends. Marketing expense increased by $0.9 million, or 2%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019 primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense. As a percent of revenue, marketing expense increased to 19.5% from 16.4% in the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As a percent of revenue, marketing expense increased to 17.7% from 16.4% in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our marketing efficiency was offset by the significant adverse impact of COVID-19 on our revenue. We will continue to evaluate our marketing strategy during the COVID-19 pandemic . Operations and Technology Operations and technology expense increased by $3.2 million, or 8%, in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to higher employee compensation related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense and higher occupancy costs. Operations and technology expense increased by $14.6 million, or 14%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to higher employee compensation related expenses, including stock-based compensation, higher occupancy costs, and higher technology costs. While there were employee furloughs, the average headcount was higher year over year primarily in our authentication, merchandising and technology teams. As a percent of revenue, operations and technology expense increased to 52.0% from 45.9% in the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively and to 55.2% from 46.1% in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. This increase is primarily due to higher fixed occupancy costs compared to lower revenue as a result of COVID-19’s negative impact on revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020. While we have implemented cost saving measures to address the challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic, we continued to invest in automation, consignor services including virtual appointments and self-scheduling, and other technology improvements to support and drive efficiency in our operations and to support our growth. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expense increased by $6.9 million, or 24%, in the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due higher employee compensation related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, increased COVID-19 related expenses to implement health and safety measures, and higher legal and accounting fees. Selling, general and administrative expense increased by $26.9 million, or 35%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to higher employee compensation related 32 expenses, including stock-based compensation due to an increase in average headcount , increased COVID-19 related expenses to implement health and safety measures, and higher accounting and legal fees including legal settlement charges of $1.1 million . Additionally, there were higher occupancy related expenses for our administrative and sales offices . As a percent of revenue, selling, general and administrative expense increased to 45.3% from 34.9% in the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively and to 48.2% from 33.9% in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively as we invested in the growth of the sales organization and expanded our finance and administrative functions as a public company. This increase is primarily due to higher fixed general and administrative costs compared to lower revenue as a result of COVID-19’s negative impact on revenue, which we expect will continue to some extent until the COVID-19 pandemic has ended and our operations normalize. Interest Income Interest income decreased $1.4 million, or 76%, for the three months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. Interest income decreased $0.6 million, or 19%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019 due to lower rates and lower average investment balances. Interest Expense Interest expense increased $2.3 million, or 3910%, for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 and increased $2.2 million, or 391%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019, primarily due to the contractual interest expense and amortization of the debt discount related to the 3.00% convertible senior notes issued in June 2020 . Other Income (Expense), Net Other expense decreased $0.1 million, or 100%, in the three months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 due to a franchise tax charge in 2019. Other expense decreased $2.0 million, or 96%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019, primarily due to remeasurement of the warrant liability in 2019 as there were no warrants outstanding after the Company’s IPO in July 2019. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2020, we had unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $395.2 million and an accumulated deficit of $479.0 million. In March 2019 , the Company issued Series H redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock to new and existing investors for aggregate net proceeds of $69.8 million. In July 2019, we received net proceeds of $315.5 million upon completion of our IPO on July 2, 2019. In June 2020, we received net proceeds of $143.3 million from the issuance of 3% convertible senior notes due 2025 and the related cap call transactions. Since inception, we have generated negative cash flows from operations and have primarily financed our operations through several rounds of venture capital financing. In addition, proceeds from our IPO and convertible senior notes will be used to finance our operations. We expect that operating losses and negative cash flows from operations could continue in the foreseeable future as we navigate the challenges presented by COVID-19 and invest in expansion activities in the longer term. At the beginning of the pandemic, we implemented measures to realign our cost structure and preserve liquidity including deferring certain capital investments, renegotiating certain vendor contracts, and reducing payroll costs, including through headcount reductions, employee furloughs and reduced executive salaries. With improving GMV trends we began to strategically reinvest in growth; however, we continue to monitor opportunities to strengthen our financial flexibility and preserve liquidity. The Company believes that its financial resources, along with managing discretionary expenses, will allow us to manage the anticipated impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s business operations for the foreseeable future. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments as of September 30, 2020 will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditures needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to grow our revenues and the timing of investments to support growth in our business, such as the build-out of new fulfillment centers and, to a lesser extent, the opening of new retail stores. We may seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 33 Cash Flows The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated. Net Cash Used in Operating Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2020, net cash used in operating activities was $96.0 million, which consisted of a net loss of $124.5 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of $44.4 million and cash outflows due to a net change of $16.0 million in our operating assets and liabilities. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily the result of cash outflows due to a decrease of $8.7 million in operating lease liability, a decrease of $8.3 million in accrued consignor payable, an increase of $4.6 million in prepaid and other current expenses, partially offset by a decrease of $4.4 million in inventory. During the nine months ended September 30, 2019, net cash used in operating activities was $58.1 million, which consisted of a net loss of $75.4 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of $18.7 million and cash outflows due to a net change of $1.4 million in our operating assets and liabilities. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily the result of cash outflows due to a $2.6 million increase i n accounts receivable driven by the timing of settlement of credit card purchases relative to year-end sales and a $3.5 million increase in inventory, and a $3.4 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets partially offset by a $4.6 million increase in accrued consignor payable and a $1.4 million increase in other noncurrent liabilities, and a $1.4 million increase in accounts payable . Net Cash Used in Investing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2020, net cash provided by investing activities was $134.5 million, which consisted of $222.2 million proceeds from maturities on short-term investments and $7.9 million in sales of short-term investments partially offset by $73.3 million for purchases of short-term investments, $15.7 million for purchases of property and equipment, net, including leasehold improvements and $6.6 million for capitalized proprietary software development costs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2019, net cash used in investing activities was $1.0 million, which consisted of $34.0 million proceeds from maturities on short-term investments partially offset by $16.1 million for purchases of property and equipment, net, including leasehold improvements, $12.2 million for purchases of short-term investments, and $6.7 million for capitalized proprietary software development costs. Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2020, net cash provided by financing activities was $150.1 million, which primarily consisted of proceeds of $166.3 million from the issuance of the convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs, $7.1 million from the exercise of stock options and warrants partially offset by $22.5 million for the purchase of capped calls related to the Notes issuance. During the nine months ended September 30, 2019, net cash provided by financing activities was $378.4 million, which primarily consisted of proceeds of $315.5 million from the initial public offering, net of issuance costs, $69.8 million from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs, and proceeds of $2.4 million from the exercise of stock options and warrants partially offset $9.3 million for repayment of debt. Convertible Senior Notes As of September 30, 2020, we had 3.00% convertible senior notes due 2025 outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of $172.5 million. A portion of the net proceeds from the sale of these convertible senior notes was used to fund the net cost of entering into the capped call transactions described below. We intend to use the remainder of the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. 34 The convertible senior notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common st ock, at the our election, at an initial conversion rate of 56.2635 shares of our common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the convertible senior notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $17.77 per share of our common st ock. The initial conversion price of the notes represents a premium of approximately 27.5% over the $13.94 closing price of our common stock on June 10, 2020. In connection with the convertible senior notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions, with certain of the initial purchasers or their affiliates. The capped call transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of common stock underlying the convertible senior notes sold in the offering. The capped call transactions are generally expected to reduce potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. The cap price of the capped call transactions is initially $27.88 per share, which represents a premium of 100.0% over the closing price of our common stock of $13.94 per share on June 10, 2020, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the capped call transactions. For additional details related to our convertible senior notes, please see “Note 6 – Debt and Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants” to the condensed financial statements included in this report. Contractual Obligations and Commitments As of September 30, 2020, there have been no material changes from the contractual obligations and commitments previously disclosed in our Annual Report on 10-K. Term Loans We were party to a loan and security agreement that included a term loan facility, which consisted of a $7.5 million term loan with a maturity date of January 1, 2020 and a $7.5 million term loan maturing at January 31, 2021 (together the “Term Loans”). On July 26, 2019, we fully repaid the principal amount of our term loans. The Term Loans bear interest on the outstanding daily balance thereof at a variable annual rate equal to 0.35% above the prime rate then in effect. As of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, we had zero outstanding under the Term Loans. The Term Loans were secured by liens on substantially all of our present and future assets. The Term Loans included affirmative, negative and financial covenants that restrict our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, make investments, sell or otherwise dispose of assets, pay dividends or repurchase stock. With the repayment of the term loans, we were no longer subject to the debt covenants as of September 30, 2020. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenue generated, and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these judgments and estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management’s judgments and estimates. 35 Revenue Recognition Consignment and Service Revenue We generate the majority of our revenue from consignment services for the sale of pre-owned luxury goods on behalf of consignors through our online consignment marketplace. For consignment sales, we retain a portion of the proceeds received, which we refer to as our take rate, and remit the balance to the consignors. We recognize consignment revenue upon purchase of the goods by the buyer based on our take rate, net of allowances for product returns and order cancellations and certain incentives. Direct Revenue We also generate revenue from the sales of company-owned inventory. We recognize direct revenue upon shipment of the goods through our online marketplace, based on the gross purchase price net of allowances for product returns and certain buyer incentives. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For more information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 to our unaudited condensed financial statements “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. JOBS Act Accounting Election We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period to enable us to comply with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (1) are no longer an emerging growth company or (2) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Because the market value of the Company’s common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of June 30, 2020, the Company will be deemed a “large accelerated filer” under the Exchange Act and will lose emerging growth company status as of December 31, 2020. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including fluctuations in interest rates. Such fluctuations to date have not been significant. The COVID-19 pandemic presents new and emerging uncertainty in the financial markets. See further discussion in Part I, Item 2. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Part II, Item 1A “Risk Factors.” As of September 30, 2020, we had unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $395.2 million, which carry a degree of interest rate risk. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates would not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio. In addition, we have no direct financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates with respect to our convertible senior notes, which bear interest at fixed rates. However, the fair market value of the convertible senior notes will fluctuate primarily as a result of changes in interest rates or the market price of our stock. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 36 Changes in Internal Control There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management’s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 37 PART II—OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. We are from time to time subject to, and are presently involved in, litigation and other legal proceedings and from time to time, we receive inquiries from government agencies. See “Note 10—Commitments and Contingencies” in the notes to the audited financial statements. This item should be read in conjunction with the Legal Proceedings disclosures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. In November 2018, Chanel filed a lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York bringing various trademark and advertising-related claims under the Lanham Act and New York state law analogues. Chanel alleges, among other things, that we have misrepresented certain counterfeit Chanel products as authentic Chanel products, that our resale of Chanel products confuses consumers into believing that Chanel is affiliated with us and involved in authenticating consignors ’ goods and that only Chanel is capable of authenticating second-hand Chanel goods. The Court issued an Opinion & Order on March 30, 2020 denying in part and granting in part the Company’s motion to dismiss. The Company filed its answer and affirmative defenses on May 29, 2020. Chanel’s claims are now in the discovery phase. On October 30, 2020, the Company sought leave to file a motion to amend its answer to add counterclaims against Chanel alleging anticompetitive conduct in violation of the federal and state antitrust laws as well as tortious interference. On the same day, the court ordered that the Company would be permitted to file its motion or, by stipulation with Chanel, its amended answer. This litigation is in its early stages and the final outcome, including our liability, if any, with respect to Chanel ’ s claims, is uncertain. Chanel could in the future assert additional trademark and advertising or other claims against us in this or other proceedings. An unfavorable outcome in this or similar litigation could adversely affect our business and could lead to other similar lawsuits. On September 10, 2019, a purported shareholder class action complaint was filed against us, our officers and directors and the underwriters of our IPO in the Superior Court of the State of California in the County of San Mateo. Three additional purported class actions, also alleging claims arising from the IPO were subsequently filed in Marin County and San Francisco County Superior Courts. The San Mateo case was voluntarily dismissed, refiled in Marin County Superior Court and consolidated with the cases there. On January 10, 2020, the Marin County plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. The plaintiffs in the San Francisco Superior Court case have filed a request for dismissal. Separately an additional purported class action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on November 25, 2019. On February 12, 2020, a lead plaintiff was appointed in the federal action and an Amended Consolidated Complaint was filed on March 31, 2020. Defendants’ filed a demurrer and motion to strike in the state court action on March 13, 2020 and filed a motion to stay the proceedings in favor of the federal action on May 1, 2020. On August 4, 2020, the court granted defendants’ motion to stay the state court action and deferred ruling on the demurrer and motion to strike pending the outcome of the federal court action. A motion to dismiss the federal court action was filed on May 15, 2020, which motion remains pending. The state and federal complaints each allege claims under the Securities Act of 1933 on behalf of a purported class of shareholders who acquired our stock pursuant to or traceable to the registration statement for our IPO. The federal complaint also alleges claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on behalf of a purported class of shareholders who purchased our stock from June 27, 2019 through November 20, 2019. The complaints allege, among other things, that the defendants violated federal securities laws by issuing false or misleading statements in the registration statement regarding certain of our key financial and operating metrics, and related to the Company’s authentication processes. The complaints seek, among other things, damages and interest, rescission, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On September 10, 2020, a purported shareholder filed a putative derivative action in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The derivative complaint alleges factual allegations largely tracking the above referenced lawsuits. The derivative case has been stayed pending a ruling on the motion to dismiss in the federal securities case. While we intend to vigorously defend against the litigation described above, the cases are at a very early stage and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our defense. For this same reason, we cannot currently estimate the loss or the range of possible losses we may experience in connection with this litigation. We are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. While it is not possible to determine the outcome of any legal proceedings brought against us, we believe that, except for the matters described above, the resolution of all such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or liquidity, but could be material to our results of operations in any one accounting period. Regardless of final outcomes, however, any such legal proceedings may nonetheless impose a significant burden on management and employees and may come with costly defense costs or unfavorable preliminary and interim rulings. There are inherent uncertainties in these legal matters, some of which are beyond management’s control, making the ultimate outcomes difficult to predict. Moreover, management’s views and estimates related to these matters may change in the future, as new events and circumstances arise and as the matters continue to develop. It em 1A. Risk Factors. The Company has reviewed and updated its risk factors as previously disclosed in its 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,2020. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in 38 this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) . The risks described below are not the only ones we face . The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial c ould materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Risks Relating to Our Business The operations of our facilities and our retail stores have been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and may continue to be adversely affected. We currently have four merchandising and fulfillment facilities, one in California and three in New Jersey. In addition, we operate retail stores in California and New York. Our business depends on the uninterrupted operation of these facilities. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the state and local governments have imposed significant limitations on business operations. As of the date of this filing, our fulfillment facilities, luxury consignment offices and four retail stores are all operating subject to certain restrictions, such as modified operating models and hours at our fulfillment facilities, enhanced safety and cleaning protocols. In-person White Glove consignment appointments were temporarily suspended and augmented with virtual appointments but remain an option, in certain circumstances, for our consigner base. We have also taken certain actions to facilitate the continued operation of our business through the COVID-19 pandemic, including social distancing in our fulfillment centers, enabling virtual consignment appointments, implementing curbside pick-up of products from our consignors, and implementing steps to enable employees to work remotely to the extent possible. It is unclear whether further limitations will be imposed in the near future due to the current resurgence of the COVID-19 virus. The COVID-19 pandemic also directly threatens the health of our employees, our consignors and our customers. The operation of all of our facilities and stores is critically dependent on our employees who staff these locations. The nature, scope and duration of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, the public health and welfare and the US and global economies is highly uncertain and could have a material adverse effect or our business and operating results. If we fail to generate a sufficient amount of new and recurring supply of pre-owned luxury goods by attracting and retaining consignors, our business would be harmed. Our success depends on our ability to cost-effectively attract, retain and grow relationships with consignors, and in turn, our supply of luxury goods sold through our online marketplace. To expand our consignor base, we must appeal to and engage individuals new to consignment, or who have consigned through traditional brick-and-mortar shops but are unfamiliar with our business. We find new consignors by converting buyers utilizing our online marketplace, shopping in our four retail stores, utilizing our luxury consignment offices (“LCOs”), paid advertising, referral programs, organic word-of-mouth and other methods of discovery, such as mentions in the press, Internet search engine results and through our partnerships with Gucci, Stella McCartney and Burberry. We recently increased our paid marketing expenses by investing more in television advertising and digital marketing and we expect to increase our spending on these and other paid marketing channels in the future. We cannot be certain that these efforts will yield more consignors or be cost-effective. Moreover, new consignors may not choose to consign with us a second time or consign as frequently, or consign as many items or the same value of items, as has historically been the case with existing consignors. Therefore, the revenue generated from new consignors may not be as high as the revenue generated historically from our existing consignors or as high as we expect. In addition, a significant number of our new and existing consignors greatly prefer our White Glove consultation method for consigning luxury goods, which involves our sales professionals meeting with our consignors in their homes. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have modified our White Glove consultation method for consigning luxury goods to operate on a “no contact” basis. It is unclear what impact this modified “no contact” White Glove consultation method will have on our operations and these new and existing consignors may not be as willing, or willing at all, to utilize our other methods for consignment. If we fail to attract new consignors or drive repeat consignments, our ability to grow our business would be adversely affected. Our ability to drive growth also depends on our success in continuing to generate a high volume of consigned items from new and existing consignors. To accomplish this, we rely on our sales professionals to drive our supply of luxury goods by identifying, developing and maintaining relationships with our consignors. Our sales professionals source high-quality, coveted luxury goods from consignors through a variety of methods including White Glove consultation, meeting with potential consignors in one of our ten LCOs or shipping consigned goods to us from remote locations. The process of identifying and hiring sales professionals with the combination of skills and attributes required in these roles can be difficult and can require significant time. In addition, competition for qualified employees and personnel in the retail industry is intense and turnover amongst our sales professionals within a few years is not uncommon. Any shortage in sales professionals or delay in identifying and hiring quality sales professionals could have a negative impact on the business. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining effective sales professionals, the quantity and quality of the luxury goods sold through our online marketplace may be negatively impacted, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 39 We may not be able to attract , train and retain specialized personnel and skilled employees to effectively manage the merchandising operations required to authenticate, process and sell consigned luxury goods or identify and lease merchandising and fulfillment facilities in geographic regions that enable us to effectively scale our operations. We lease facilities to store and accommodate the logistics infrastructure required to merchandise and ship the pre-owned luxury goods we sell through our online marketplace. To grow our business, we must continue to improve and expand our merchandising and fulfillment operations, information systems and skilled personnel in the jurisdictions in which we operate so that we have the skilled talent necessary to effectively operate our business. The operation of our business is complex and requires the coordination of multiple functions that are highly dependent on numerous employees and personnel. Each luxury item that we offer through our online marketplace is unique and requires multiple touch points, including inspection, evaluation, authentication, photography, pricing, copywriting, application of a unique single-SKU and fulfillment. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, we had rapidly increased our operations employee headcount to support the growth of our business. However, due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, we have recently implemented a number of measures to realign our cost structure and preserve liquidity, which included the reduction of our overall headcount and furloughing of employees. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the market for employees had been increasingly competitive and was highly dependent on geographic location. Some of our employees have specific knowledge and skills that would make it more difficult to hire replacement personnel capable of effectively performing the same tasks without substantial training. We also provide specific training to our employees in each of our business functions in order to provide our consignors and buyers with a consistent luxury experience. If we need to increase our headcount after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, and we fail to successfully locate, hire, train and retain personnel in the future, our operations would be negatively impacted, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Our ability to successfully grow our business also depends on the availability and cost of leasing additional merchandising and fulfillment facilities that meet our criteria for a geographic location with access to a large, qualified talent pool, square footage, cost and other factors. We currently have four merchandising and fulfillment facilities-one in California and three in New Jersey. Optimal space is becoming increasingly scarce, and where it is available, the lease terms offered by landlords are increasingly competitive. Incentives currently offered by local, state and federal entities to offset operating expenses may be reduced or become unavailable. Companies who have more financial resources and negotiating leverage than us may be more attractive tenants and, as a result, may outbid us for the facilities we seek. We also may be unable to renew our existing leases or renew them on satisfactory terms. Failure to secure adequate merchandising and fulfillment facilities could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. We rely on consumer discretionary spending, which is adversely affected by economic downturns, including economic recession or depression, and other macroeconomic conditions or trends. Our business and operating results are subject to global economic conditions and their impact on consumer discretionary spending, particularly in the luxury goods market. Some of the factors that may negatively influence consumer spending on luxury goods include economic downturns, including economic recession or depression, high levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth, and declines in asset values and related market uncertainty, home foreclosures and reductions in home values, fluctuating interest rates and credit availability, fluctuating fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices and general uncertainty regarding the overall future political and economic environment. Many of these factors have occurred, and may continue to become more prevalent, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Economic conditions in certain regions may also be affected by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, wildfires, and threats to public health, such as the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic . Consumer purchases of new luxury goods have declined during periods of economic uncertainty, when disposable income is reduced or when there is a reduction in consumer confidence. Such economic uncertainty and the resulting decrease in the rate of new luxury goods purchases in the primary market may have a corresponding impact on luxury resale, which could manifest in a number of ways, including but not limited to: fewer individuals choosing to consign their goods with us resulting in a decrease of items available in our online marketplace, fewer individuals choosing to buy pre-owned luxury goods resulting in lower active buyer growth and order volume, and lower Average Order Volume due to a combination of lower average selling price per item and/or fewer items per average order, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and is expected to continue to adversely impact, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The COVID-19 pandemic and related measures to contain the spread of COVID-19, such as government mandated business closures and shelter in-place guidelines, have created significant market volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity will depend on numerous evolving factors, known and unknown, that we cannot predict, including the duration and scope of the pandemic; government, business and individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on national and global economic activity; unprecedented unemployment levels; disruption of the financial markets, including the possibility of a national or global economic recession or depression; the limitations on operations requiring employees to perform their duties in-person, such as our warehouse operations; the potential for shipping difficulties, including delayed deliveries to our customers; and the ability of our customers to pay for products. The COVID-19 pandemic could decrease consumer spending and 40 have an adverse impact on our business through reduced customer demand for our products. Additionally, under current state and local government orders, employees who are not required to perform their duties in-person, are required to work remotely for an indefinite period of time, which could introduce additional operational risk, such as an increased vulnerability to cyber-attacks, and harm productivity and collaboration . Our ability to return to normalized operations and the timing of such a return cannot be predicted at this time. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial performance, including our ability to execute and fund our short-term and long-term business strategies and initiatives, will depend on future developments, including the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. In addition, the risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section may be heightened as a result of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. At this point in time, we cannot reasonably estimate the full extent of impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and financial results. We have a history of losses and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We experienced net losses of $52.3 million, $75.8 million, $96.7 million, and $124.5 million in 2017, 2018, 2019 and the nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively, and as of September 30, 2020 we had an accumulated deficit of $478.9 million. Due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, we have recently implemented a number of measures to realign our cost structure and preserve liquidity, which included reducing marketing investments, deferring certain capital investments and reducing discretionary investments across our business. However, we continue to believe there is substantial opportunity for growth in our business and our market and, once the COVID-19 pandemic crisis has abated, we intend to align our strategy to capitalize on such opportunity. If our investments do not prove successful or our market does not develop as we expect, we may continue to experience losses over the long term. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will ever achieve or sustain profitability and may continue to incur significant losses going forward. We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate or effectively manage growth or new opportunities. Our revenue growth in 2019 should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Aside from the negative impact the COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have on our revenues, as we grow our business, our future revenue growth rates may slow due to a number of factors, including the maturation of our business, increased market adoption against which future growth will be measured, increasing competition or our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities, such as increasing company-owned inventory. Additionally, consignors may opt to consign less with us to the extent we take steps, such as increasing our take rates, that make our online marketplace appear less attractive to them. Alternatively, the emergence of direct competitors may force us to decrease our take rates to remain competitive to attract consignors, which will have a negative impact on our financial performance. Our rapid growth has placed significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. Continued growth could also strain our ability to maintain reliable service levels for our consignors and buyers, develop and improve our operational, financial and management controls, enhance our reporting systems and procedures and recruit, train and retain highly skilled personnel. Failure to effectively manage the growth of our business and operations or manage our company-owned inventory would negatively affect our reputation and brand, business, financial condition and operating results. National retailers and brands set their own retail prices and promotional discounts on new luxury goods, which could adversely affect our value proposition to consumers. National retailers and brands set pricing for new luxury goods. Promotional pricing by these parties may adversely affect the value of products consigned with us and our inventory, and, in turn, GMV and operating results. In order to attract buyers to our online marketplace, the prices for the pre-owned luxury goods sold through our online marketplace may need to be lowered in order to compete with these pricing strategies, which could negatively affect gross merchandise value and in turn, our revenue. We have experienced a reduction in our GMV and AOV in the past due to fluctuations in the price of new luxury goods sold by retailers and brands, and we anticipate similar reductions and fluctuations in the future. However, the timing and magnitude of such discounting can be difficult to predict. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We have a relatively short operating history in an evolving industry and, as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. Our online marketplace represents a substantial departure from the traditional resale market for luxury goods. While our business grew rapidly prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the resale market for luxury goods may not continue to develop in a manner 41 that we expect or that otherwise would be favorable to our business. Our relatively short operating history and the changes in our market make it difficult to assess our future performance. Y ou should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to, among other things: If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those described elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section, our business and our operating results would be adversely affected. As an online marketplace for pre-owned luxury goods, our success depends on the accuracy of our authentication process. Failure by us to identify counterfeit goods could adversely affect our reputation, subject us to adverse publicity, and expose us to liability for the sale of counterfeit goods. Our success depends on our ability to accurately and cost-effectively determine whether an item offered for consignment is an authentic product, a genuine gemstone or piece of jewelry or a work of art. From time to time, we receive counterfeit goods for consignment. While we continue to invest and innovate heavily in our authentication processes, and we reject any goods we believe to be counterfeit, we cannot be certain that we will identify every counterfeit item that is consigned to us. As the sophistication of counterfeiters increases, it may be increasingly difficult to identify counterfeit products. We refund the cost of a product to a buyer if the buyer questions its authenticity and returns the item. The sale of any counterfeit goods may damage our reputation as a trusted online marketplace for authenticated, pre-owned luxury goods which may impact our ability to attract and maintain consignors and buyers. Additionally, we have been and may in the future be subject to public allegations that our authentication processes are inadequate. Such controversy could negatively impact our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating results. Any material failure or perceived failure in our authentication operations could cause buyers and consignors to lose confidence in our platform and adversely affect our revenue. 42 We may not succeed in promoting and sustaining our brand, which could have an adverse effect on our business and future growth. We believe that maintaining The RealReal brand is critical to driving consignor and buyer engagement. An important goal of our brand promotion strategy is establishing trust with our consignors and buyers. Maintaining our brand will depend largely on our ability to continue providing our consignors with service that is consistent with the level of luxury associated with the goods they are consigning and delivering value for the goods they consign, all in a timely and consistent manner. Our success depends in part on the quality of our sales professionals who represent our brand to new and existing consignors. Sales professionals cultivate relationships with our consignor base by making in-home visits to evaluate the luxury goods that our consignors want to consign. While we require that all sales professionals undergo a background check, this may not prevent illegal, improper or otherwise inappropriate actions by such employees, such as theft or physical assault, from occurring in connection with our services. Any negative publicity related to the foregoing could adversely affect our reputation and brand or public perception of our model of luxury consignment, which could negatively affect demand for our services and harm our business, financial condition and operating results. For buyers, maintaining our brand requires that we foster trust through authentication, timely and reliable fulfillment of orders, and responsive and effective customer service. If we fail to provide consignors or buyers with the service and experience they expect, or experience consignor or buyer complaints or negative publicity about our online marketplace services, merchandise, delivery times or customer support, whether justified or not, the value of our brand would be harmed and our business may suffer. Our continued growth depends on attracting new and retaining repeat buyers. To expand our buyer base, we must appeal to and attract buyers who do not typically purchase luxury goods, who have historically purchased only new luxury goods or who used other means to purchase pre-owned luxury goods, such as traditional brick-and-mortar consignment shops, auction houses and the websites of other secondary marketplaces. We reach new buyers through television and digital advertising, other paid marketing, press coverage, referral programs, organic word of mouth and other methods of discovery, such as converting consignors to buyers. We expect to continue investing heavily in these and other marketing channels in the future and cannot be certain that these efforts will yield more buyers or be cost-effective. Moreover, new buyers may not purchase through our online marketplace as frequently or spend as much with us as historically has been the case with existing buyers. As a result, the revenue generated from new buyer transactions may not be as high as the revenue generated from transactions with our existing buyers. Failure to attract new buyers and to maintain relationships with existing buyers would adversely affect our operating results and our ability to attract and retain consignors. We are currently, and may be in the future, party to lawsuits and other claims that are expensive and time consuming, could lead to adverse publicity, and, if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. We rely on the fair use doctrine when we routinely refer to third-party intellectual property, such as trademarks, on our platform. Third parties may dispute the scope of that doctrine and challenge our ability to reference their intellectual property in the course of our business. For instance, from time to time, we are contacted by companies controlling brands of goods consignors sell, demanding that we cease referencing those brands in connection with such sales, whether in advertising or on our website. We have consistently responded by reference to the holding in Tiffany (NY), Inc. v. eBay that factual use of a brand to describe and sell a used good is not false advertising. These matters have generally been resolved with no further communications, but some have resulted in litigation against us. For example, in November 2018, Chanel filed a lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York bringing various trademark and advertising-related claims under the Lanham Act and New York state law analogues. Chanel alleges, among other things, that we have misrepresented certain counterfeit Chanel products as authentic Chanel products, that our resale of Chanel products confuses consumers into believing that Chanel is affiliated with us and involved in authenticating consignors ’ goods and that only Chanel is capable of authenticating second-hand Chanel goods. The Court issued an Opinion & Order on March 30, 2020 denying in part and granting in part the Company’s motion to dismiss. The Company filed its answer and affirmative defenses on May 29, 2020. This litigation is in its early stages and the final outcome, including our liability, if any, with respect to Chanel ’ s claims, is uncertain. Chanel could in the future assert additional trademark and advertising or other claims against us in this or other proceedings. An unfavorable outcome in this or similar litigation could adversely affect our business and could lead to other similar lawsuits. We are also at risk of claims by others that we have infringed their copyrights, trademarks or patents or improperly used or disclosed their trade secrets. In particular, third parties may allege that goods consigned to us are counterfeit or that by offering goods of a particular brand we are suggesting that we are sponsored by or affiliated with that brand. The costs of resolving any litigation or disputes related to these claims can be considerable, and we cannot assure you that we will achieve a favorable outcome of any such claim. In addition, the Company, its officers and directors and the underwriters of the Company’s initial public offering (“IPO”) have been named as defendants in numerous purported securities class actions in connection with the Company’s IPO (the “Securities Litigation”). See “Part II, Item 1 – Legal Proceedings” for a description of the Securities Litigation. 43 In addition, we have in the past and cou ld face in the future a variety of employee claims against us, including but not limited to general discrimination, privacy, wage and hour, labor and employment, ERISA and disability claims. Further, the comprehensive safety measures and protocols that we have implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic may not be successful in preventing the spread of the virus among our employees and we could face litigation or other claims related to unsafe working conditions, inadequate protection of our employees, or other similar or related claims. Any claims could also result in litigation against us or regulatory proceedings being brought against us by various federal and state agencies that regulate our business, including the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Often these cases raise complex factual and legal issues and create risks and uncertainties. Defending litigation is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees, and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained. The results of any such litigation, investigations and other legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and expensive. Although we have insurance, it provides for a substantial retention of liability and is subject to limitations. As a result, it may not cover a significant portion, or any, of the expenses we may incur or be subject to in connection with shareholder class action or other litigation to which we are party. In addition, plaintiffs may seek, and we may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of any such litigation, including potential preliminary injunctions requiring us to cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle such lawsuits and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. Similarly, if any litigation to which we are a party is resolved adversely, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal. The terms of such a settlement or judgment may require us to cease some or all of our operations or pay substantial amounts to the other party. In addition, we may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third-party’s rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, and may significantly increase our operating costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative practices or discontinue the practices. The development of alternative practices could require significant effort and expense or may not be feasible. Our business, financial condition or operating results could be adversely affected as a result of an unfavorable resolution of the disputes and litigation referred to above. If we are unable to successfully leverage technology to automate and drive efficiencies in our operations, our business could be adversely affected. We are building automation, machine learning and other capabilities to drive efficiencies in our merchandising and fulfillment operations. As we continue to add capacity, capabilities and automation, our operations will become increasingly complex and challenging. While we expect these technologies to improve productivity in many of our merchandising operations, including pricing, copywriting, authentication, photography and photo retouching, any flaws or failures of such technologies could cause interruptions in and delays to our operations which may harm our business. We are increasing our investment in technology to support these efforts but they may not be effective in driving productivity, maintaining or improving the experience for buyers and consignors or providing a positive return on investment. We have created our own purpose-built technology to operate our business, but we also rely on technology from third parties. If these technologies do not perform in accordance with our expectations, third parties change the terms and conditions that govern their relationships with us, or if competition increases for the technology and services provided by third parties, our business may be harmed. In addition, if we are unable to add automation to our operations, we may be unable to reduce the costs of processing consignments and fulfilling orders, which could cause delays in buyers receiving their purchases. Any of these outcomes could harm our reputation and our relationships with our consignors and buyers. Our advertising activity may fail to efficiently drive growth in consignors and buyers. Our future growth and profitability will depend in large part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our advertising, promotion, public relations and marketing programs and we are investing heavily in these activities. These brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue and the efficacy of these activities will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to do the following: We closely monitor the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and changes in the advertising market, and adjust or re-allocate our advertising spend across channels, customer segments and geographic markets in real-time to optimize the effectiveness of these activities. We expect to increase advertising spend in future periods to continue driving our growth. Increases in the pricing of one or more of our marketing and advertising channels could increase our marketing and advertising expenses or cause us to choose less expensive but possibly less effective marketing and advertising channels. If we implement new marketing and advertising strategies, we may incur significantly higher costs than our current channels, which, in turn, could adversely affect our operating results. 44 Implementing new marketing and advertising strategies also could increase the risk of devoting significant capital and other resources to endeavors that do not prove to be cost effective. We also may incur marketing and advertising expenses significantly in advance of the time we anticipate recognizing revenue associate d with such expenses and our marketing and advertising expenditures may not generate sufficient levels of brand awareness or result in increased revenue. Even if our marketing and advertising expenses result in increased sales, the increase might not offse t our related expenditures. If we are unable to maintain our marketing and advertising channels on cost-effective terms or replace or supplement existing marketing and advertising channels with similarly or more effective channels, our marketing and advert ising expenses could increase substantially, our consignor and buyer base could be adversely affected, and our business, operating results, financial condition and brand could suffer. We may experience damage or destruction to our merchandising and fulfillment facilities or retail stores in which we store all of the consigned luxury goods we offer through our online marketplace which may materially adversely impact our business and operating results. We store the majority of the luxury goods we offer through our online marketplace in our merchandising and fulfillment facilities in California and New Jersey, with a small portion of luxury goods offered for sale in our four retail stores. Our merchandising and fulfillment facilities are located in areas that have a history of natural disasters, such as earthquakes and severe weather events, rendering our merchandising and fulfillment facilities vulnerable to damage. Any large scale damage to or catastrophic loss of goods stored in such merchandising and fulfillment facilities or retail stores, due to natural disasters or man-made disasters such as arson or theft or otherwise would result in liability to our consignors for the expected commission liability for the lost items, reduction in the value of our inventory and a significant disruption to our business. Additionally, given the nature of the unique consigned luxury goods we offer on our online marketplace, our ability to restore the supply of consigned luxury goods on our online marketplace would take time and would result in a limitation and delay of available supply for buyers which would negatively impact our revenue and operating results. While we carry insurance for the consigned luxury goods stored in these merchandising and fulfillment facilities, the number of carriers which provide for such insurance has declined, which has resulted in increased premiums and deductibles. The insurance we do carry may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms and, in any event, may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our business could suffer. In the event that we suffer a catastrophic loss of any or all of our merchandising and fulfillment facilities and the consigned luxury goods stored in such facilities, our liabilities may exceed the maximum insurance coverage amount which would materially adversely impact our business and operating results. We have experienced seasonal and quarterly variations in our revenue and operating results and, as a result, our quarterly results may fluctuate and could be below expectations. Our business is seasonal and historically we have realized a disproportionate amount of our revenue and earnings for the year in the fourth quarter as a result of the holiday season and seasonal promotions. We expect this to continue in the future. In anticipation of increased activity during the fourth quarter, we incur significant additional expenses, including additional marketing and staffing in our sales and customer support operations. In addition, we may experience an increase in our shipping costs due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. At peak periods, there could also be further delays in processing consigned goods or fulfilling buyer orders, which could lead to lower consignor and/or buyer satisfaction. As a result of increased expenses or delays in shipping, if we experience lower than expected revenue during any fourth quarter, it may have a disproportionately large impact on our operating results and financial condition for that year. Any factors that harm our fourth quarter operating results, including disruptions in our consignors’ willingness to consign or unfavorable economic conditions, or adverse weather in our geographic locations could have a disproportionate effect on our operating results for our entire fiscal year. In the future, our seasonal sales patterns may become more pronounced, may strain our personnel and may cause a shortfall in revenue related to expenses in a given period, which could substantially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our industry is highly competitive and if we do not compete effectively our operating results could be adversely affected. The resale market for luxury goods is highly competitive. We compete with vendors of new and pre-owned luxury goods, including branded luxury goods stores, department stores, traditional brick-and-mortar consignment stores, pawn shops, auction houses, specialty retailers, discount chains, independent retail stores, the online offerings of these traditional retail competitors, resale players focused on niche or single categories, as well as technology-enabled marketplaces that may offer the same or similar luxury goods and services that we offer. We believe our ability to compete depends on many factors within and beyond our control, including: 45 Failure to adequately meet these demands may cause us to lose potential consignors and buyers which could harm our business. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories, larger fulfillment infrastructures, greater brand recognition and technical capabilities, faster shipping times, lower-cost shipping, larger databases, greater financial, marketing, institutional and other resources and larger buyer bases than we do. As the market evolves, competitors may emerge. For example, Farfetch Ltd recently announced the launch of a new consignment service. Some of our competitors may have greater resources than we do, which may allow them to derive greater revenue and profits from their existing buyer bases, acquire consignors at lower costs or respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in consumer shopping behavior. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, enter the business of online luxury consignment, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing policies, which may allow them to build larger consignor or buyer bases or generate revenue from their existing buyer bases more effectively than we do. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. We rely on third parties to host our website and mobile app and to process payments made by buyers or to consignors on our online marketplace. Any significant disruption in service provided by, or termination of our relationship with, such third parties could damage our reputation and result in loss of buyers and consignors, which would harm our business and results of operations. Our brand and ability to attract and retain consignors and buyers depends in part on the reliable performance of our network infrastructure and content delivery process. We have experienced, and expect that in the future we will experience, interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions and capacity constraints which could affect the availability of services on our platform and prevent or inhibit the ability of buyers to access our online marketplace or complete purchases on our website and app. We currently host our platform and support our operations using Amazon Web Services (“AWS”). We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of AWS that we use. AWS’ facilities may experience damage or interruption from natural disasters, cybersecurity attacks, terrorist attacks, public health threats such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, power outages and similar events or acts of misconduct. The continuing and uninterrupted performance of our online marketplace is critical to our success. Volume of traffic and activity on our online marketplace spikes on certain days and during certain periods of the year, such as during a Black Friday promotion and generally during the fourth quarter due to the seasonality of our business, and any interruption would be particularly problematic if it were to occur at such a high volume time. We also use Google services for our business emails, file storage and communications. Any disruption or failure in the services we receive from Google could harm our ability to run our business. We rely on third-party payment processors to process payments made by buyers or to consignors on our online marketplace. If our third-party payment processors terminate their relationships with us or refuse to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate payment processor and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such payment processors in an acceptable timeframe. Further, the software and services provided by our third-party payment processors may not meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our ability to accept online payments, make payments to consignors or conduct other payment transactions, any of which could make our platform less convenient and attractive and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain buyers and consignors. We must successfully gauge and respond to changing preferences among our consignors and buyers. Our success is in large part dependent upon our ability to anticipate and identify trends in the market for pre-owned luxury goods in a timely manner and to obtain consignments of luxury goods that address those trends. We use data science to predict consignor and buyer preferences, and there can be no assurance that our data science will accurately anticipate consignor or buyer requirements. Lead times relating to these changing preferences may make it difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing trends. We have begun to expand our offerings and the impact on our business from these new offerings is not clear as it is difficult to accurately predict consignor and buyer preferences. To the extent we do not accurately predict the evolving preferences of our consignors and buyers, our ability to grow our business and our operating results would be adversely affected. 46 Failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, including those relating to the sale of secondhand goods, may subject us to fines, penalties, loss of licensure, registration , facility closures and approval or other governmental enforcement action. The sale of consigned goods through our online marketplace is subject to regulation, including by regulatory bodies such as the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and other international, federal, state and local governments and regulatory authorities. These laws and regulations are complex, vary from state to state and change often. We monitor these laws and regulations and adjust our business practices as warranted to comply. We receive luxury goods on consignment from numerous consignors located in all 50 U.S. states and Puerto Rico, and the goods we receive from our consignors may contain materials such as fur, python, ivory and other exotic animal product components, that are subject to regulation. Our standard consignor terms and conditions require consignors to comply with applicable laws when consigning their goods. Failure of our consignors to comply with applicable laws, regulations and contractual requirements could lead to litigation or other claims against us, resulting in increased legal expenses and costs. Moreover, failure by us to effectively monitor the application of these laws and regulations to our business, and to comply with such laws and regulations, may negatively affect our brand and subject us to penalties and fines. Numerous U.S. states and municipalities, including the States of California, New York and Florida, have regulations regarding the handling and sale of secondhand goods, and licensing requirements for secondhand dealers. Such government regulations could require us to change the way we conduct business, or our buyers to conduct their purchases in ways that increase costs or reduce revenues, such as prohibiting or otherwise restricting the sale or shipment of certain items in some locations. We could also be subject to business interruption, fines or other penalties which in the aggregate could harm our business. To the extent we fail to comply with requirements for secondhand dealers, we may experience unanticipated permanent or temporary shutdowns of our facilities which may negatively affect our ability to increase the supply of our goods, result in negative publicity and subject us to penalties and fines. Additionally, the luxury goods our consignors sell could be subject to recalls and other remedial actions and product safety, labeling and licensing concerns may require us to voluntarily remove selected goods from our online marketplace. Such recalls or voluntary removal of goods can result in, among other things, lost sales, diverted resources, potential harm to our reputation and increased customer service costs and legal expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Some of the luxury goods sold through our online marketplace on behalf of our consignors may expose us to product liability claims and litigation or regulatory action relating to personal injury, environmental or property damage. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all. In addition, while all of our vendor agreements contain a standard indemnification provision, certain vendors may not have sufficient resources or insurance to satisfy their indemnity and defense obligations which may harm our business. We rely on third parties to drive traffic to our website, and these providers may change their algorithms or pricing in ways that could negatively impact our business, operations, financial condition and prospects. We rely in part on digital advertising, including search engine marketing, to promote awareness of our online marketplace, grow our business, attract new consignors and buyers and increase engagement with existing consignors and buyers. In particular, we rely on search engines, such as Google, and the major mobile app stores as important marketing channels. Search engine companies change their search algorithms periodically, and our ranking in searches may be adversely impacted by those changes. Search engine companies or app stores may also determine that we are not in compliance with their guidelines and penalize us as a result. If search engines change their algorithms, terms of service, display or the featuring of search results, determine we are out of compliance with their terms of service or if competition increases for advertisements, we may be unable to cost-effectively add consignors and buyers to our website and apps. Our relationships with our marketing vendors are not long term in nature and do not require any specific performance commitments. In addition, many of our online advertising vendors provide advertising services to other companies, including companies with whom we may compete. As competition for online advertising has increased, the cost for some of these services has also increased. Our marketing initiatives may become increasingly expensive and generating a return on those initiatives may be difficult. Even if we successfully increase revenue as a result of our paid marketing efforts, such increase may not offset the additional marketing expenses we incur. Greater than expected product returns could have a negative impact on our revenue. We generally allow buyers to return certain purchases from our website and retail stores under our return policy. We record a reserve for returns against proceeds to us from the sale of goods on our online marketplace in calculating revenue. We estimate this reserve based on historical return trends. The introduction of new products in the retail market, changes in consumer confidence or other competitive and general economic conditions may also cause actual returns to exceed our reserve for returns. We believe adverse economic conditions in the past have resulted in an increase in our returns, and we have also experienced higher than expected returns in connection with fourth quarter holiday buying. Additionally, most of the consigned luxury goods are valuable and require special handling and delivery. From time to time, such goods are damaged in transit which can increase return rates, increase our costs and harm our brand. Returned goods may also be damaged in transit as part of the return process which can significantly impact the price we are able to charge for such goods on our online marketplace. Any significant increase in returns that exceeds our reserves could adversely affect our revenue and operating results. 47 Compromises of our data security could cause us to i ncur unexpected expenses , compromise our data assets and may materially harm our reputation and operating results. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, process and store certain personal information and other data relating to individuals, such as our consignors, buyers and employees. We also maintain other information, such as our trade secrets and confidential business information, that is sensitive and that we seek to protect. We rely substantially on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for our processing, transmission and storage of personal information and other confidential information. We or our vendors could be the subject of hacking, social engineering, phishing attacks or other attacks. Due to these or other causes, we or our vendors may suffer a data breach or other security incident, which may allow hackers or other unauthorized parties to gain access to personal information or other data, including payment card data or confidential business information, and we might not discover such issues for an extended period. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target. As a result, we and our vendors may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, our employees, contractors, vendors or other third parties with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent security measures in order to misappropriate such personal information, confidential information or other data, or may inadvertently release or compromise such data. We and our vendors have faced these attacks previously and regularly must defend against or respond to such incidents. We expect to incur ongoing costs associated with the detection and prevention of security breaches and other security-related incidents. We may incur additional costs in the event of a security breach or other security-related incident. Any actual or perceived compromise of our systems or data security measures or those of third parties with whom we do business, or any failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of personal or other confidential information and delays in detecting or providing notice of any such compromise or loss could disrupt our operations, harm the perception of our security measures, damage our reputation, cause some participants to decrease or stop their use of our online marketplace and subject us to litigation, government action, increased transaction fees, remediation costs, regulatory fines or penalties or other additional costs and liabilities that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results and reputation. Our use and other processing of personal information and other data is subject to laws and obligations relating to privacy and data protection, and our failure to comply with such laws and obligations could harm our business. Numerous state, federal and international laws, rules and regulations govern privacy, data protection and the collection, use and protection of personal information and other types of data we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process. These laws, rules and regulations are constantly evolving, and we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the United States, the EU and other jurisdictions. For example, California enacted legislation that came into effect January 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”), that requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers qualified new privacy rights, such as rights of access, deletion and to opt-out of the sales of their personal information. The CCPA includes provisions that sunset at the end of 2020, may be amended or replaced, and Attorney General regulations have not yet been finalized. It remains unclear what, if any, modifications will be made to the CCPA or how it will be interpreted. The CCPA may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Similarly, the European Commission adopted a General Data Protection Regulation that became fully effective on May 25, 2018, imposing stringent EU data protection requirements. We cannot yet fully determine the impact these or future laws, rules and regulations may have on our business or operations. These laws, rules and regulations may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another, subject to differing interpretations and may be interpreted to conflict with our practices. Additionally, we may be bound by contractual requirements applicable to our collection, use, processing and disclosure of various types of data, including personal information, and may be bound by, or voluntarily comply with, self-regulatory or other industry standards relating to these matters. Any failure or perceived failure by us or any third parties with which we do business to comply with these laws, rules and regulations, or with other obligations to which we or such third parties are or may become subject, may result in actions against us by governmental entities, private claims and litigation, the expenditure of legal and other costs and of substantial time and resources, and fines, penalties or other liabilities. Any such action would be expensive to defend, may require the expenditure of substantial legal and other costs and substantial time and resources and likely would damage our reputation and adversely affect our business and operating results. 48 Further, in vie w of new or modified federal, state or foreign laws and regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations and other legal obligations, or any changes in their interpretation, we may find it necessary or desirable to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or to expend significant resources to modify our product and otherwise adapt to these changes. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new p roducts and features could be limited. Privacy, data protection and information security concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit the use and growth of our online marketplace, particularly in certain foreign countries. If we fail to attract and retain key personnel on our executive team or to effectively manage leadership succession, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely impacted. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain key personnel on our executive team. Senior employees have left our company in the past and others may in the future. We often cannot anticipate such departures, and may not be able to promptly replace key leadership personnel. The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the inability to promptly identify a suitable successor to a key role could have an adverse effect on our business. In particular, our Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Julie Wainwright, has unique and valuable experience from creating and leading our company from its inception through today. If she were to depart or otherwise reduce her focus on The RealReal, our business may be disrupted. Labor-related matters, including labor disputes, may adversely affect our operations. None of our employees are currently represented by a union. If our employees decide to form or affiliate with a union, we cannot predict the negative effects such future organizational activities will have on our business and operations. If we were to become subject to work stoppages, we could experience disruption in our operations, including delays in merchandising operations and shipping, and increases in our labor costs which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Expansion of our operations internationally will require management attention and resources, involves additional risks and may be unsuccessful. We have members from outside the United States who purchase items from our online marketplace, but we have not expanded our physical operations outside the United States. If we choose to expand our physical operations internationally, we would need to adapt to different local cultures, languages, standards, laws and regulations and policies. The online marketplace consignment business model we employ may not appeal to consignors and buyers outside of the United States. Furthermore, to succeed with clients in international locations, it will be necessary to locate merchandising and fulfillment facilities in foreign markets and hire local employees in those markets, and we may have to invest in such facilities before demonstrating that we can successfully run operations outside of the United States. We may not be successful in expanding into international markets or in generating revenue from foreign operations for a variety of reasons, including: If we invest substantial time and resources to establish and expand our operations internationally and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our operating results would suffer. 49 Our inability to replicate our business model for newer categories of consigned luxury goods in a timely and cost-effective manner may damage our business, financial condition an d operating results. Our women’s category accounted for approximately 66% of our GMV in 2019. We intend to deepen our penetration in other high-value categories such as men’s, jewelry and watches, and home and art. We continue to explore additional categories of luxury goods to serve our existing consignors and buyers and to attract new consignors and buyers. These additional category offerings may not have the same success, or gain traction with consignors and buyers as quickly, as our women’s offerings. If these additional categories of pre-owned luxury goods are not accepted by our existing consignors or buyers, or if such categories do not attract new consignors or buyers, our revenues may fall short of expectations, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected and we may incur expenses that are not offset by revenues. In addition, our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to attract new and repeat consignors that supply the necessary high-quality, appropriately priced and in-demand luxury merchandise in these additional categories, and these categories of goods may also have a different range of margin profiles than the goods currently sold through our online marketplace. Additionally, as we enter into new categories, potential consignors may demand higher commissions than our current categories, which would adversely affect our take rate and operating results. Expansion of our offerings may also strain our management and operational resources, specifically the need to hire and manage additional authentication and market experts. We may also face greater competition in specific categories from companies that are more focused on these categories. If any of these were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth and have an adverse effect on our operating results. Our business, including our costs and supply of consigned goods, is subject to risks associated with sourcing, processing, warehousing and shipping. Nearly all of the luxury goods we offer through our online marketplace are initially sourced from consignors who are individuals. As a result, we may be subject to periodic fluctuations in the number, brands and quality of goods sold through our online marketplace on behalf of our consignors. In addition, a significant number of our new and existing consignors greatly prefer our White Glove consultation method for consigning luxury goods, which involves our sales professionals meeting with our consignors in their homes. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have modified our White Glove consultation method for consigning luxury goods to operate on a “no contact” basis. It is unclear what impact this modified “no contact” White Glove consultation method will have on our operations and these new and existing consignors may not be as willing, or willing at all, to utilize other methods for consignment. Our operating results could be negatively impacted by these fluctuations and may be impacted by limitations on our consignment methods. In addition, as we expand into new categories of luxury goods, our payments to our consignors may rise relative to our existing categories, which could also adversely affect our operating results. We can make no assurance that goods we receive from consignors will be of sufficient quality or free from damage, or that such goods will not be damaged during shipping, while stored in one of our merchandising and fulfillment facilities or when shipped to buyers. While we take measures to avoid damage, conduct inspections of consigned goods and inspect returned products, we cannot control items while they are out of our possession or prevent all damage while in our merchandising and fulfillment facilities. For example, we have in the past and may in the future experience contamination, such as mold, bacteria, viruses, insects and other pests, in the goods shipped to us by our consignors, which may cause contamination of the goods stored in our merchandising and fulfillment facilities or while shipping to buyers. If we are unable to detect and quarantine such contaminants at the time such goods are initially received in our merchandising and fulfillment facilities, some or all of the goods stored in such facilities could be contaminated. We may incur additional expenses and our reputation could be harmed if clients and potential clients believe that the luxury goods we offer on behalf of our consignors is not of high-quality or may be damaged or contain contaminants. We could be liable for fraudulent or unlawful activities of consignors. We may fail to prevent consignors from consigning stolen goods. Government regulators and law enforcement officials may allege that our services violate, or aid and abet violations of certain laws, including laws restricting or prohibiting the transferability and, by extension, the resale, of stolen goods. Our form of consignor agreement includes a representation that the consignor has the necessary right and title to the goods they may consign, and we include such a rule and requirement in our terms of service prohibiting the listi