8-K 1 a202008142-ascendianta.htm 8-K Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): August 14, 2020 PHUNWARE, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (512) 693-4199 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement. On August 14, 2020, Phunware, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the “Sales Agreement”) with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC (“Ascendiant”), as sales agent, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through Ascendiant shares of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The Company is not obligated to sell any shares under the Sales Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Ascendiant will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, applicable state and federal law, rules and regulations and the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market to sell shares from time to time based upon the Company’s instructions, including any price, time or size limits specified by the Company. Under the Sales Agreement, Ascendiant may sell shares by any method deemed to be an “at the market” offering as defined in Rule 415 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other method permitted by law, including in privately negotiated transactions. Ascendiant’s obligations to sell shares under the Sales Agreement are subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including customary closing conditions for transactions of this nature. The Company will pay Ascendiant a commission of 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares and has agreed to provide Ascendiant with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The Company has also agreed to reimburse Ascendiant for certain specified expenses. Sales of shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement will be made pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-235896), which was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on January 23, 2020, and a related Prospectus Supplement to be filed with the SEC, for an aggregate offering price of up to $15,000,000. The foregoing summary of the Sales Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Sales Agreement, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any shares under the Sales Agreement, nor shall there be any sale of such shares in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits . SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.