8-K false 0001652130 0001652130 2023-10-18 2023-10-18 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 18, 2023 INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (857) 285-6200 Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ On October 18, 2023, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (“Intellia”) issued a press release titled “Intellia Therapeutics Announces FDA Clearance of Investigational New Drug (IND) Application to Initiate a Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of NTLA-2001 for the Treatment of Transthyretin (ATTR) Amyloidosis with Cardiomyopathy.” A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The information under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 hereto, is being furnished herewith and shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. On October 18, 2023, Intellia announced that the United States Food and Drug Administration has cleared the Company’s Investigational New Drug application for NTLA-2001 for the treatment of transthyretin (ATTR) amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy. The global Phase 3 study of NTLA-2001, an in vivo CRISPR-based gene editing candidate, is expected to initiate by year-end 2023. Forward Looking Statements. This Current Report on Form 8-K and certain of the materials furnished or filed herewith contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. The words “may,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “project,” “potential,” “continue,” “target” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, express or implied statements regarding Intellia’s beliefs and expectations regarding: the safety, efficacy, success and advancement of its pipeline of investigational gene editing therapies, including its clinical program for NTLA-2001 for the treatment of transthyretin (ATTR) amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy pursuant to its clinical trial applications and investigational new drug application; the initiation, enrollment, dosing and completion of its clinical trials, including its ability to initiate a global Phase 3 study of NTLA-2001 by year-end 2023. Any forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by any forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and factors include, but are not limited to: risks related to Intellia’s relationship with third parties, including its licensors and licensees; risks related to the ability of its licensors to protect and maintain their intellectual property position; uncertainties related to the authorization, initiation, enrollment and conduct of studies and other development requirements for its product candidates, including NTLA-2001; the risk that any one or more of Intellia’s product candidates will not be successfully developed and commercialized; the risk that the results of preclinical studies or clinical studies, such as its clinical studies of NTLA-2001, will not be predictive of future results of future studies for the same product candidate or Intellia’s other product candidates; and risks related to Intellia’s reliance on collaborations, including that its collaboration with Regeneron will not continue or will not be successful. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause Intellia’s actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Intellia’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in Intellia’s other filings with the SEC, including those contained or incorporated by reference. Any forward-looking statements represent Intellia’s views only as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. Intellia explicitly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.