UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q ☒ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021 OR ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (844) 654-2642 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II 40 S. Main Street, #2550 Memphis, TN 38103 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ As of November 3, 2021, 117,733,507 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. As of November 3, 2021, there were no Class B common shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. EXPLANATORY NOTE On October 19, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), Navitas Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware corporation (formerly named Live Oak Acquisition Corp. II (“LOKB”)) (the “Company”), consummated (the “Closing”) the previously announced Business Combination (as defined below) pursuant to that certain business combination agreement and plan of reorganization (the “Business Combination Agreement”), dated as of May 6, 2021, by and among LOKB, Live Oak Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of LOKB (“Merger Sub”), and Navitas Semiconductor Limited, a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of Ireland (“Navitas Ireland”) with a dual existence as a domesticated limited liability company in the State of Delaware as Navitas Semiconductor Ireland, LLC (“Navitas Delaware”, and together with Navitas Ireland, “Legacy Navitas”). Please see [Note 1 – Description of Business and Operations] for additional detail regarding the Business Combination transactions. Unless stated otherwise, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this “Quarterly Report”) contains information about LOKB before the Business Combination. References to the “Company” in this Quarterly Report refer to LOKB before the consummation of the Business Combination or Navitas Semiconductor Corporation after the Business Combination, as the context suggests. NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) Form 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2021 Table of Contents i PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 1 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 2 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ (DEFICIT) EQUITY FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 12, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 — Description of Organization and Business Operations Live Oak Acquisition Corp. II (now known as Navitas Semiconductor Corporation) (the “Company”) was a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on August 12, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Business Combination On October 19, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), Navitas Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware corporation (formerly named Live Oak Acquisition Corp. II (“LOKB”)) (the “Company”), consummated (the “Closing”) the previously announced Business Combination (as defined below) pursuant to that certain business combination agreement and plan of reorganization (the “Business Combination Agreement”), dated as of May 6, 2021, by and among LOKB, Live Oak Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of LOKB (“Merger Sub”), and Navitas Semiconductor Limited, a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of Ireland (“Navitas Ireland”) with a dual existence as a domesticated limited liability company in the State of Delaware as Navitas Semiconductor Ireland, LLC (“Navitas Delaware”, and together with Navitas Ireland, “Legacy Navitas”). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination between the Company and Legacy Navitas was effected through (i) a tender offer to acquire the entire issued share capital of Navitas Ireland (other than Navitas Ireland Restricted Shares (as defined below)) in exchange for the Tender Offer Consideration (as defined below) (the “Tender Offer”) and (ii) the merger of Merger Sub with and into Navitas Delaware (the “Merger”) and together with the Tender Offer and the other transactions related thereto, the “Business Combination”), with Navitas Delaware surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and as a result of the Tender Offer and the Merger, Legacy Navitas became a wholly owned direct subsidiary of LOKB. A total of 72,143,708 Navitas Ireland Shares (as defined below) were validly tendered (and not withdrawn) pursuant to the Tender Offer. The “Tender Offer Consideration” for all outstanding ordinary shares of Navitas Ireland, par value of $ 0.0001 per share (the “Navitas Ireland Common Shares”) (other than the outstanding restricted Navitas Ireland Common Shares granted pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Navitas Ireland Restricted Shares”), and all Navitas Ireland Series A Preferred Shares, Navitas Ireland Series B Preferred Shares, Navitas Ireland Series B-1 Preferred Shares and Navitas Ireland Series B-2 Preferred Shares (the “Navitas Ireland Preferred Shares” and together with the Navitas Ireland Common Shares, the “Navitas Ireland Shares”) accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer, was comprised of (i) the aggregate offer price of 39,477,026 shares (the “Tender Shares”) of the Company’s Class A common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”), and (ii) the contingent right to receive during the five-year period following the Closing, but excluding the first 150 days following the Closing (the “Earnout Period”), certain additional shares of Common Stock as specified in the Business Combination Agreement (the “Tender Earnout Shares”), which, together with the Merger Earnout Shares and certain shares of Common Stock that may become issuable to equity award holders and/or warrant holders, will be comprised of up to 10,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock in the aggregate (the “Earnout Shares”), in three equal tranches, upon the satisfaction of certain price targets set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, which price targets will be based upon the volume-weighted average closing sale price of one share of Common Stock quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market (“NASDAQ”), for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period within the Earnout Period. At the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”) all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests represented by the ordinary shares of Navitas Delaware, par value $ 0.0001 per share (each a “Navitas Delaware Common Share”) (other than the outstanding restricted Navitas Delaware Common Shares granted pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Navitas Delaware Restricted Shares”)) and each Navitas Delaware Series A Preferred Share, Navitas Delaware Series B Preferred Share, Navitas Delaware Series B-1 Preferred Share and Navitas Delaware Series B-2 Preferred Share (collectively, the “Navitas Delaware Preferred Shares” and together with the Navitas Delaware Common Shares, the “Navitas Delaware Shares”), were converted into an aggregate of 39,477,026 shares of Common Stock (the “Merger Shares”) and (ii) the contingent right to receive during the Earnout Period certain additional shares of Common Stock as specified in the Business Combination Agreement (the “Merger Earnout Shares”), in three equal tranches, upon the satisfaction of certain price targets set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, which price targets will be based upon the volume-weighted average closing sale price of one share of Common Stock quoted on the NASDAQ, for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period within the Earnout Period. In connection with the Business Combination Agreement, in a private placement of its securities, LOKB entered into PIPE subscription agreements with certain third-party investors (the “PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to purchase, and LOKB agreed to sell to the PIPE Investors, an aggregate of 17,300,000 shares of Common Stock (the “PIPE Shares”), for a purchase price of $ 10.00 per share and an aggregate purchase price of $ 173.0 million. The PIPE Shares were issued concurrently with the Closing of the Business Combination on the Closing Date. The Company held a special meeting of its stockholders on October 12, 2021 (the “ Special Meeting ”). At the Special Meeting, the LOKB stockholders considered and adopted, among other matters, the Business Combination Agreement. Prior to the Special Meeting, the holders of 10,135,544 shares of LOKB’s common stock sold in its initial public offering (the “ Public Shares ”) exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at a price of approximately $ 10.00 per share, for an aggregate redemption price of approximately $ 101.4 million, which redemption occurred concurrent with the Closing of the Business Combination. The per share redemption price of approximately $ 10.00 for holders of Public Shares electing redemption was paid out of LOKB’s trust account, which after taking into account the redemptions, had a balance immediately prior to the Closing of approximately $ 152 million. 5 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On the Closing Date, the following transactions (collectively, the “ Transactions ”) were completed: As a result of the foregoing Transactions (including the redemptions described above), as of the Closing Date and immediately following the completion of the Merger and the PIPE, the Company had the following outstanding securities: 6 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Business Prior to the Business Combination Prior to the Business Combination, the Company has one wholly owned subsidiary which was formed on April 30, 2021, Live Oak Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware limited liability company. All activity through September 30, 2021 related to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (the “Initial Public Offering”), which is described below, and identifying a target company for an initial business combination and consummating the acquisition of Navitas Semiconductor Corporation . The Company’s sponsor is Live Oak Sponsor Partners II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”). The registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 2, 2020. On December 7, 2020, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 25,300,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”), including 3,300,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the “Over-Allotment Units”), at $ 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $ 253.0 million. Transaction costs amounted to $ 13,064,337 , consisting of $ 4,610,000 in cash underwriting fees, $ 8,067,500 of deferred underwriting fees and $ 386,837 of other offering costs. (Note 6). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 4,666,667 warrants (each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of $ 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of $ 7.0 million (Note 5). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, including the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters, and the Private Placement, $253.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 7 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2021, the Company had $ 13,955 in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of $ 20,590 (not taking into account tax obligations of approximately $ 82,000 that may be paid using investment income earned in Trust Account). The Company’s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of $ 25,000 from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), and loan proceeds from the Sponsor of $ 240,000 under the Note (as defined in Note 5). The Company repaid the Note upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering out of the $ 750,000 of offering proceeds that was allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions) not held in the trust account. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company’s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. Until the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company used the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating target businesses, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar location of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses and structuring, negotiating and completing an Initial Business Combination, which was the Business Combination with Navitas Semiconductor Corporation. The Company completed an Initial Business Combination on October 19, 2021, which was the Business Combination with Navitas Semiconductor Corporation, and has raised sufficient capital for its operations. NOTE 2. REVISION OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In connection with the preparation of the Company’s financial statements as of September 30, 2021, the Company concluded it should revise its financial statements to classify all Public Shares in temporary equity. In accordance with the SEC and its staff’s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, ASC 480, paragraph 10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. The Company previously determined the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption to be equal to the redemption value of $ 10.00 per Class A common stock while also taking into consideration a redemption cannot result in net tangible assets being less than $ 5,000,001 . Previously, the Company did not consider redeemable shares classified as temporary equity as part of net tangible assets. Effective with these financial statements, the Company revised this interpretation to include temporary equity in net tangible assets. Accordingly, effective with this filing, the Company presents all redeemable Class A common stock as temporary equity and recognizes accretion from the initial book value to redemption value at the time of its Initial Public Offering and in accordance with ASC 480. As a result, management has noted a reclassification adjustment related to temporary equity and permanent equity. This resulted in an adjustment to the initial carrying value of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption with the offset recorded to additional paid-in capital (to the extent available), accumulated deficit and Class A common stock. The Company will present this revision in a prospective manner in all future filings. Under this approach, the previously issued Initial Public Offering Balance Sheet and Form 10-Q’s will not be amended, but historical amounts presented in the current and future filings will be recast to be consistent with the current presentation. In connection with the change in presentation for the Class A common stock subject to redemption, the Company also revised its income (loss) per common share calculation to allocate net income (loss) evenly to Class A and Class B common stock. This presentation contemplates a Business Combination as the most likely outcome, in which case, both classes of common stock share pro rata in the income (loss) of the Company. There has been no change in the Company’s total assets, liabilities or operating results. The impact of the revision on the Company’s financial statements is reflected in the following table. 8 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 3 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement of the balances and results for the periods presented. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected through December 31, 2021 or any future periods. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed by the Company with the SEC on May 24, 2021. Principles of Consolidation The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority owned subsidiary where the Company has the ability to exercise control. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Activities in relation to the noncontrolling interest are not considered to be significant and are, therefore, not presented in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statement with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 9 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. One of the more significant accounting estimates included in these financial statements is the determination of the fair value of the warrant liability. Such estimates may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation Coverage limit of $ 250,000 . As of September 30, 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020. Investments Held in the Trust Account The Company’s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities, or a combination thereof. The Company’s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in income from investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities which qualify as financial instruments under the FASB ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements” approximate the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: In some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 10 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Offering Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the Initial Public Offering that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities are expensed as incurred, presented as non-operating expenses in the statements of operations. Offering costs associated with the Class A common stock issued were initially charged to temporary equity and then accreted to common stock subject to redemption upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Derivative Warrant Liabilities The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815, “Derivatives and Hedging” (“ASC 815”). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. The 8,433,333 warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the “Public Warrants”) and the 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering were estimated using a binomial lattice model in a risk-neutral framework. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants were estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value for the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants as of each relevant date. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. Class A Common Stock Shares Subject to Possible Redemption Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instruments and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, 25,300,000 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at the redemption amount were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. At September 30, 2021, the Class A common stock reflected in the condensed consolidated balance sheet are reconciled in the following table: Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share”. Net income (loss) per common stock is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 11 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The calculation of diluted income (loss) per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public Offering, and (ii) the private placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 13,100,000 Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net loss per common stock is the same as basic net loss per common stock for the periods presented. The following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share (in dollars, except per share amounts): Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of September 30, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity , which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company early adopted the ASU on January 1, 2021. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company’s management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 12 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 4 — Initial Public Offering On December 7, 2020, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 25,300,000 Units, including 3,300,000 Over-Allotment Units, at $ 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $ 253.0 million. Transaction costs amounted to $ 13,064,337 , consisting of $ 4,610,000 in cash underwriting fees, $ 8,067,500 of deferred underwriting fees and $ 386,837 of other offering costs. Each Unit consisted of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a “Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $ 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Note 5 — Related Party Transactions Founder Shares In August 2020, the Sponsor purchased 5,750,000 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share (the “Founder Shares”), for an aggregate price of $ 25,000 . In December 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend for 0.1 shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in an aggregate of 6,325,000 Founder Shares outstanding. The Initial Stockholders agreed to forfeit up to 825,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0 % of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full; thus, these 825,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The Initial Stockholders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the reported closing price of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Initial Stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Related Party Loans Prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $ 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company fully repaid the Note upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering out of the $ 750,000 of offering proceeds that was allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions) not held in the trust account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $ 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $ 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. As of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020 the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $ 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of $ 7.0 million. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of $ 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 13 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the effective date of the prospectus through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the Company’s liquidation, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of $ 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. The Company incurred and paid approximately $ 45,000 and $ 135,000 in administrative expense for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2021, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. Although none of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder’s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates and. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on the Company’s behalf. Note 6 — Commitments and Contingencies Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders had certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 3,300,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $ 0.20 per Unit, or approximately $ 4.6 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of $ 0.35 per Unit, or approximately $ 8.0 million in the aggregate. At the completion of the Business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, the deferred fee became payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, and/or results of its operations, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 14 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 7 — Stockholders’ Equity Preferred Stock— The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preferred stock with a par value of $ 0.0001 per share. As of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock— The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $ 0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2020 and September 30, 2021, there were 25,300,000 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, including Class A common stock subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity. Class B Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $ 0.0001 per share. In December 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend for 0.1 shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in an aggregate of 6,325,000 Founder Shares outstanding. The Initial Stockholders agreed to forfeit up to 825,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0 % of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full; thus, these 825,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there were 6,325,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders except as required by law. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 % of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one for one basis. 15 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 8—Warrants As of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company had 8,433,333 Public Warrants and the 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of the Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If a registration statement covering the shares of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant-holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. The warrants have an exercise price of $ 11.50 per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $ 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described under “Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00” will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price described under “Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per share of Class A common Stock equals or exceeds $10.00” will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 16 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $ 18.00 : Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for cash (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a “cashless” basis and would require the exercising holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. 17 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $ 10.00 : Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for cash: The “fair market value” of Class A common stock for the above purpose shall mean the volume-weighted average price of Class A common stock during the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. Note 9 — Fair Value Measurements The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques that the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 18 NAVITAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION (F/K/A LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. II) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering have initially been estimated using a binomial lattice model in a risk-neutral framework. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants have initially been estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants was determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a binomial lattice model or Black-Scholes option pricing model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock warrants based on implied volatility from the Company’s traded warrants and from historical volatility of select peer company’s common stock that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. The fair value of the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants were subsequently estimated using the market value of the Public Warrants when they were separately listed and traded due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. The following table provides quantitative information regarding the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs at their measurement dates: The change in the fair value of the Level 3 derivative warrant liabilities, for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 is summarized as follows: Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement during the nine months ended September 30, 2021 was $ 12,059,667 . The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement during the nine months ended September 30, 2021 was $ 6,673,334 . Note 10 — Subsequent Events The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred up to the date unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company determined that, except as disclosed below, there have been no events that have occurred that would require adjustments to the disclosures in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company held a special meeting of its stockholders on October 12, 2021. At the Special Meeting, the LOKB stockholders considered and adopted, among other matters, the Business Combination Agreement (See Note 1 for further detail). On October 19, 2021, Navitas Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware corporation consummated the previously announced Business Combination pursuant to that certain Business Combination Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of May 6, 2021, by and among LOKB, Live Oak Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of LOKB (“Merger Sub”), and Navitas Semiconductor Limited, a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of Ireland (“Navitas Ireland”) with a dual existence as a domesticated limited liability company in the State of Delaware as Navitas Semiconductor Ireland, LLC (“Navitas Delaware”, and together with Navitas Ireland, “Legacy Navitas”) (See Note 1 for further detail). 19 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the “Company,” “Live Oak Acquisition Corp. II,” “Live Oak,” “our,” “us” or “we” refer to Live Oak Acquisition Corp. II. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Overview We are a former blank check company incorporated in Delaware on August 12, 2020 under the name “Live Oak Acquisition Corp II.” We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). For additional detail regarding our initial public offering and related transactions, see “Note 1 – Description of Business and Business Operation – Business Prior to the Business Combination.” We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. On October 19, 2021, we consummated our Business Combination with Legacy Navitas (as defined below). 20 Recent Developments Business Combination On October 19, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), Navitas Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware corporation (formerly named Live Oak Acquisition Corp. II (“LOKB”)) (the “Company”), consummated (the “Closing”) the previously announced Business Combination (as defined below) pursuant to that certain Business Combination Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Business Combination Agreement”), dated as of May 6, 2021, by and among LOKB, Live Oak Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of LOKB (“Merger Sub”), and Navitas Semiconductor Limited, a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of Ireland (“Navitas Ireland”) with a dual existence as a domesticated limited liability company in the State of Delaware as Navitas Semiconductor Ireland, LLC (“Navitas Delaware”, and together with Navitas Ireland, “Legacy Navitas”). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination between the Company and Legacy Navitas was effected through (i) a tender offer to acquire the entire issued share capital of Navitas Ireland (other than Navitas Ireland Restricted Shares (as defined below)) in exchange for the Tender Offer Consideration (as defined below) (the “Tender Offer”) and (ii) the merger of Merger Sub with and into Navitas Delaware (the “Merger”) and together with the Tender Offer and the other transactions related thereto, the “Business Combination”), with Navitas Delaware surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and as a result of the Tender Offer and the Merger, Legacy Navitas became a wholly owned direct subsidiary of LOKB. A total of 72,143,708 Navitas Ireland Shares (as defined below) were validly tendered (and not withdrawn) pursuant to the Tender Offer. The “Tender Offer Consideration” for all outstanding ordinary shares of Navitas Ireland, par value of $ 0.0001 per share (the “Navitas Ireland Common Shares”) (other than the outstanding restricted Navitas Ireland Common Shares granted pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Navitas Ireland Restricted Shares”), and all Navitas Ireland Series A Preferred Shares, Navitas Ireland Series B Preferred Shares, Navitas Ireland Series B-1 Preferred Shares and Navitas Ireland Series B-2 Preferred Shares (the “Navitas Ireland Preferred Shares” and together with the Navitas Ireland Common Shares, the “Navitas Ireland Shares”) accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer, was comprised of (i) the aggregate offer price of 39,477,026 shares (the “Tender Shares”) of the Company’s Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”), and (ii) the contingent right to receive during the five-year period following the Closing, but excluding the first 150 days following the Closing (the “Earnout Period”), certain additional shares of Common Stock as specified in the Business Combination Agreement (the “Tender Earnout Shares”), which, together with the Merger Earnout Shares and certain shares of Common Stock that may become issuable to equity award holders and/or warrant holders, will be comprised of up to 10,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock in the aggregate (the “Earnout Shares”), in three equal tranches, upon the satisfaction of certain price targets set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, which price targets will be based upon the volume-weighted average closing sale price of one share of Common Stock quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market (“NASDAQ”), for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period within the Earnout Period. At the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”) all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests represented by the ordinary shares of Navitas Delaware, par value $0.0001 per share (each a “Navitas Delaware Common Share”) (other than the outstanding restricted Navitas Delaware Common Shares granted pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Navitas Delaware Restricted Shares”)) and each Navitas Delaware Series A Preferred Share, Navitas Delaware Series B Preferred Share, Navitas Delaware Series B-1 Preferred Share and Navitas Delaware Series B-2 Preferred Share (collectively, the “Navitas Delaware Preferred Shares” and together with the Navitas Delaware Common Shares, the “Navitas Delaware Shares”), were converted into an aggregate of 39,477,026 shares of Common Stock (the “Merger Shares”) and (ii) the contingent right to receive during the Earnout Period certain additional shares of Common Stock as specified in the Business Combination Agreement (the “Merger Earnout Shares”), in three equal tranches, upon the satisfaction of certain price targets set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, which price targets will be based upon the volume-weighted average closing sale price of one share of Common Stock quoted on the NASDAQ, for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period within the Earnout Period. In connection with the Business Combination Agreement, in a private placement of its securities, LOKB entered into PIPE subscription agreements with certain third-party investors (the “PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to purchase, and LOKB agreed to sell to the PIPE Investors, an aggregate of 17,300,000 shares of Common Stock (the “PIPE Shares”), for a purchase price of $10.00 per share and an aggregate purchase price of $173.0 million. The PIPE Shares were issued concurrently with the Closing of the Business Combination on the Closing Date. 21 The Company held a special meeting of its stockholders on October 12, 2021 (the “ Special Meeting ”). At the Special Meeting, the LOKB stockholders considered and adopted, among other matters, the Business Combination Agreement. Prior to the Special Meeting, the holders of 10,135,544 shares of LOKB’s common stock sold in its initial public offering (the “ Public Shares ”) exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at a price of approximately $10.00 per share, for an aggregate redemption price of approximately $101.4 million, which redemption occurred concurrent with the Closing of the Business Combination. The per share redemption price of approximately $10.00 for holders of Public Shares electing redemption was paid out of LOKB’s trust account, which after taking into account the redemptions, had a balance immediately prior to the Closing of approximately $152 million. On the Closing Date, the following transactions (collectively, the “ Transactions ”) were completed: 22 As a result of the foregoing Transactions (including the redemptions described above), as of the Closing Date and immediately following the completion of the Merger and the PIPE, the Company had the following outstanding securities: Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2021, we had $13,955 in its operating bank account and working capital of $20,590. Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of $25,000 from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares (as defined below), and loan proceeds from the Sponsor of $240,000 under the Note. We repaid the Note upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering out of the $750,000 of offering proceeds that was allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions) not held in the trust account. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. Until the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company used the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating target businesses, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar location of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses and structuring, negotiating and completing an Initial Business Combination, which was the Business Combination with Navitas Semiconductor Corporation. The Company completed an Initial Business Combination on October 19, 2021, which was the Business Combination with Navitas Semiconductor Corporation, and has raised sufficient capital for its operations. The Company raised approximately $325 million of proceeds in the Business Combination transaction, including funds from the Trust Account net of redemptions and proceeds from the PIPE Offering, to fund operations and transaction expenses. Results of Operations Our entire activity since inception up to September 30, 2021 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. For the three months ended September 30, 2021, we had net income of $4,323,720, which consisted of $4,585,001 of gain from the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, $3,256 of interest earned from investments in the Trust Account, and $53 of interest income partially offset by $264,590 of general and administrative expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2021, we had net loss of $6,261,072, which consisted of $4,453,999 of loss from the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, $63,922 of income from investments in the Trust Account and $3,770 of interest income partially offset by $1,874,765 of general and administrative expenses. For the period from August 12, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, we had net loss of $1,045, which consisted of general and administrative expenses. 23 Contractual Obligations Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the effective date of the prospectus through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the Company’s liquidation, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of $15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the “ Administrative Services Agreement ”). Although none of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder’s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates and. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on the Company’s behalf. The Company incurred and paid approximately $45,000 and $135,000 in administrative expense for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2021, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The Administrative Services Agreement terminated upon the closing of the Business Combination. Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the “ Prior Registration Rights Agreement ”). The holders of these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders had certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. In connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company, Live Oak Sponsor Partners II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “ Sponsor ”) and certain stockholders of the Company (together with the Sponsor, the “ Holders ”) entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the “ Registration Rights Agreement ”). The Registration Rights Agreement amends and restates the Prior Registration Rights Agreement between LOKB and the Sponsor and provides that the Company will be obligated to file, within 30 days after the Closing, a registration statement to register the resale of (i) certain shares of Common Stock held by the Holders, (ii) the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) of the Sponsor (including any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable under any such Private Placement Warrant), (iii) equity securities of the Company issuable upon conversion of any working capital loans in an amount up to $1.5 million made to the Company by a Holder, (iv) any shares of the Company issued or to be issued to any Holders in connection with the Business Combination (including, any Earnout Shares) and (v) any other securities of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such share of Common Stock by way of dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement and subject to certain requirements and customary conditions, the Holders may make at any time or from time to time, a demand for an underwritten offering pursuant to a registration statement filed by the Company, but only on three separate occasions. The Registration Rights Agreement also provides the Holders with “piggy-back” registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 3,300,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per Unit, or approximately $4.6 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or approximately $8.0 million in the aggregate. At the completion of the Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, the deferred fee became payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account. Critical Accounting Policies Derivative Warrant Liabilities We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (“ FASB ”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ ASC ”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity” (“ ASC 480 ”) and ASC 815, “Derivatives and Hedging” (“ ASC 815 ”). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 24 The 8,433,333 warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the “ Public Warrants ”) and the 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering were estimated using a binomial lattice model in a risk-neutral framework. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants were estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value for the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants as of each relevant date. Class A Common Stock Shares Subject to Possible Redemption Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instruments and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, 21,082,153 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at the redemption amount were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share Net income (loss) per common stock is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity , which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company early adopted the ASU on January 1, 2021. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statement. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of September 30, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. JOBS Act The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “ JOBS Act ”) contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 25 Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of the Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. As of September 30, 2021, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, will be invested in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception, and we do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness discussed below was remediated during the quarter ended September 30, 2021. Remediation of a Material weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting We recognize the importance of the control environment as it sets the overall tone for the Company and is the foundation for all other components of internal control. Consequently, we designed and implemented remediation measures to address the material weakness previously identified and enhance our internal control over financial reporting. In light of the material weakness, we enhanced our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The foregoing actions, which we believe remediated the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, were completed as of the date of June 30, 2021, and fully evidenced by September 30, 2021. 26 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings None. Item 1A. Risk Factors As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the risk factors in LOKB’s Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A for the period ended December 31, 2020 no longer apply. For risk factors relating to our business following the Business Combination, please refer to the section “Risk Factors” in the Company’s proxy statement/prospectus filed with the SEC on September 20, 2021. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 27 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of $7.0 million. In connection with the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor had agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to $300,000 pursuant to the Note. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed an aggregate of $240,000 from our Sponsor under the loan. We repaid the Note upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the full exercise of the option to purchase additional Shares, $253,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the Private Placement are invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less and in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We paid a total of approximately $4.6 million in underwriting discounts and commissions related to the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer $8.1 million in underwriting discounts and commissions. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 28 Item 6. Exhibits. 29 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 30 false --12-31 Q3 0001821769 0001821769 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2021-11-03 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2021-11-03 0001821769 2021-09-30 0001821769 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 2021-07-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 2020-08-12 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2021-07-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2020-08-12 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2021-07-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2020-08-12 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001821769 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-03-31 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-03-31 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-03-31 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-03-31 0001821769 2021-03-31 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-04-01 2021-06-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-04-01 2021-06-30 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-04-01 2021-06-30 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-04-01 2021-06-30 0001821769 2021-04-01 2021-06-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-06-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-06-30 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-06-30 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-06-30 0001821769 2021-06-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-07-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-07-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-07-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-07-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-08-11 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-08-11 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-08-11 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-08-11 0001821769 2020-08-11 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-08-12 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-08-12 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-08-12 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-08-12 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-09-30 0001821769 2020-09-30 0001821769 nvts:NavitasIrelandMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:NavitasDelawareMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PIPEMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PIPEMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PIPEMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:IPOMember 2021-10-12 0001821769 nvts:PublicSharesMember 2021-10-12 0001821769 2021-10-01 2021-10-12 0001821769 2021-10-12 0001821769 nvts:NavitasIrelandMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:NavitasIrelandMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:RestrictedStockUnitsMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PublicWarrantsMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:IPOMember 2020-12-07 0001821769 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2020-12-07 0001821769 us-gaap:IPOMember 2020-12-03 2020-12-07 0001821769 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:IPOMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:IPOMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 srt:ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 srt:RestatementAdjustmentMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 nvts:AsRevisedMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:InitialPublicOfferingMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:IPOMember 2020-12-01 2020-12-07 0001821769 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2020-12-01 2020-12-07 0001821769 nvts:FounderSharesMember us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2020-08-01 2020-08-30 0001821769 nvts:FounderSharesMember us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2020-08-30 0001821769 nvts:FounderSharesMember us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2020-08-01 2020-08-30 0001821769 nvts:FounderSharesMember us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2020-12-01 2020-12-31 0001821769 nvts:FounderSharesMember us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:FounderSharesMember us-gaap:IPOMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:FounderSharesMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:SponsorMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:IPOMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PublicWarrantsMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PublicWarrantsMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 nvts:BusinessCombinationMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PublicWarrantsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2020-12-31 0001821769 nvts:PublicWarrantsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2020-12-31 0001821769 nvts:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2020-12-31 0001821769 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 nvts:PublicMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 nvts:WarrantLiabilitiesMember 2020-12-31 0001821769 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PublicMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:WarrantLiabilitiesMember 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0001821769 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:PublicMember 2021-09-30 0001821769 nvts:WarrantLiabilitiesMember 2021-09-30 xbrli:shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure