8-K false 0001810806 0001810806 2021-11-15 2021-11-15 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 15, 2021 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (415) 539-3162 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indenture and Notes On November 19, 2021, Unity Software Inc. (the “ Company ”) completed its previously announced private offering (the “ Offering ”) of $1.725 billion aggregate principal amount of 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “ Notes ”), including the exercise in full of the initial purchasers’ option to purchase up to an additional $225 million principal amount of the Notes. The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated November 19, 2021 (the “ Indenture ”), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and will mature on November 15, 2026, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The Notes will not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes will not accrete. Special interest, if any, will be payable semiannually in arrears on November 15 and May 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2022 (if and to the extent that special interest is then payable on the Notes). The Notes are convertible at the option of the holders at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding August 15, 2026, only under the following conditions: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2022 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.000005 per share (the “ Common Stock ”), for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price for the Notes on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the “ measurement period ”) in which the trading price (as defined in the Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Common Stock and the conversion rate for the Notes on each such trading day; (3) if the Company calls such Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, but only with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; and (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events as set forth in the Indenture. On or after August 15, 2026, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders of the Notes may convert all or any portion of their Notes at any time, at the option of the holder regardless of the foregoing conditions. Upon conversion, the Company may satisfy its conversion obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, at the Company’s election, in the manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the Indenture. The conversion rate for the Notes will initially be 3.2392 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $308.72 per share of Common Stock. The initial conversion price of the Notes represents a premium of approximately 57.5% to the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on The New York Stock Exchange on November 16, 2021. The conversion rate for the Notes is subject to adjustment in some events in accordance with the terms of the Indenture but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date of the Notes or if the Company delivers a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes, the Company will, under certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate of the Notes for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption in connection with such notice of redemption, as the case may be. The Company may not redeem the Notes prior to November 20, 2024. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Notes (subject to certain limitations described in the Indenture), at its option, on or after November 20, 2024, if the last reported sale price of the Common Stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price for the Notes then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company redeems less than all the outstanding Notes, at least $150 million aggregate principal amount of Notes must be outstanding and not subject to redemption as of, and after giving effect to, delivery of the relevant notice of redemption. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 2 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), then, subject to certain conditions and except as described in the Indenture, holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The Indenture includes customary covenants and sets forth certain events of default after which the Notes may be declared immediately due and payable and sets forth certain types of bankruptcy or insolvency events of default involving the Company after which the Notes become automatically due and payable. The following events are considered “events of default” under the Indenture: If certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default occur with respect to the Company, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, on, all of the Notes then outstanding shall automatically become due and payable. If an event of default with respect to the Notes, other than certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default with respect to the Company, occurs and is continuing, the trustee, by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, on, all the outstanding Notes to be due and payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indenture provides that, to the extent the Company so elects, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture will, for the first 365 days after the occurrence of such an event of default, consist exclusively of the right to receive special interest on the Notes. 3 The Indenture provides that the Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to, another person (other than any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Company’s direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries), unless: (i) the resulting, surviving or transferee person (if not the Company) is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and such corporation (if not the Company) expressly assumes by supplemental indenture all of the Company’s obligations under the Notes and the Indenture; and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Indenture. A copy of the Indenture is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 (including the form of the Notes attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2) and is incorporated herein by reference (and this description is qualified in its entirety by reference to such document). Capped Call Transactions On November 16, 2021, in connection with the pricing of the Notes, and on November 18, 2021, in connection with the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with certain of the initial purchasers of the Notes or their respective affiliates and other financial institutions, pursuant to capped call confirmations in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference (and this description is qualified in its entirety by reference to such document). The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the Common Stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on a cap price initially equal to approximately $343.02 per share (which represents a premium of approximately 75.0% over the last reported sale price of the Common Stock of $196.01 per share on the New York Stock Exchange on November 16, 2021), and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the capped call transactions. The Company’s net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1.70 billion, after deducting the initial purchasers’ discounts and commissions and the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used approximately $48.13 million of the net proceeds to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described above. The Company expects to use the remaining net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, as well as for acquisitions or strategic investments in complementary businesses or technologies. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The Company offered and sold the Notes to the initial purchasers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), and for resale by the initial purchasers to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The Company relied on these exemptions from registration based in part on representations made by the initial purchasers in the purchase agreement dated November 16, 2021 by and among the Company and the initial purchasers. The Notes and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 4 To the extent that any shares of Common Stock are issued upon conversion of the Notes, they will be issued in transactions anticipated to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 3(a)(9) thereof because no commission or other remuneration is expected to be paid in connection with conversion of the Notes and any resulting issuance of shares of Common Stock. On November 15, 2021, the Company issued a press release announcing the proposed Offering. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. On November 17, 2021, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Notes. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains “forward-looking” statements, as that term is defined under the federal securities laws, including but not limited to statements regarding the Offering and the Company’s expectations regarding the use of net proceeds from the Offering. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current assumptions, expectations and beliefs and are subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause the Company’s plans to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. These risks include, but are not limited to, market risks, trends and conditions, and those risks described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”) from time to time, particularly under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” including the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021. Copies of these documents may be obtained by visiting the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These forward-looking statements represent the Company’s estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. (d) Exhibits 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 6