8-K false 0001810806 0001810806 2022-07-13 2022-07-13 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 13, 2022 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (415) 539-3162 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ On July 13, 2022, Unity Software Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Unity ”), issued a joint press release with ironSource Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel (“ ironSource ”), announcing (i) the entry into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”), dated July 13, 2022, by and among Unity, Ursa Aroma Merger Subsidiary LTD, a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Unity (“ Merger Sub ”), and ironSource, pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, Merger Sub will be merged with and into ironSource (the “ Merger ”), with ironSource continuing as the surviving company and as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Unity and (ii) providing updated financial and operational guidance relating to Unity’s quarter ended June 30, 2022 and fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. A copy of the press release containing the announcement is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Merger Agreement and a description of the terms thereof will be set forth in a subsequent filing by Unity on a Current Report on Form 8-K. The information in this Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibit attached hereto as 99.1 shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The information contained in Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, on July 13, 2022, Unity posted an investor presentation relating to the Merger to Unity’s website. A copy of the investor presentation is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Item 7.01 of this Form 8-K is being furnished, not filed, for purposes of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, the information will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement filed by Unity under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act unless specifically identified as being incorporated by reference therein. (d) Exhibits. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This communication includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “foresees,” “forecasts,” “estimates” or other words or phrases of similar import. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and markets in which Unity and ironSource operate and management’s beliefs and assumptions as to the timing and outcome of future events, including the transactions described in this communication. While Unity’s and ironSource’s management believe the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, such information is necessarily subject to uncertainties and may involve certain risks, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond management’s control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the proposed transaction, including the timing, receipt and terms and conditions of any required governmental and regulatory approvals of the proposed transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the parties and others following announcement of the merger agreement; the inability to consummate the transaction due to the failure to obtain the requisite stockholder approvals or the failure to satisfy other conditions to completion of the transaction; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations of Unity and ironSource; the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the transaction, including anticipated synergies; the amount of the costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the transaction; Unity’s expected stock buyback occurring as planned or at all; Unity’s ability to meet revised financial guidance; and the other risks and important factors contained and identified in Unity’s and ironSource’s filings with the SEC, such as Unity’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and ironSource’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and subsequent Current Reports on Form 6-K, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this communication. There can be no assurance that the proposed transaction will in fact be consummated. We caution investors not to unduly rely on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Neither Unity nor ironSource is under any duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this communication, nor to conform prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and neither Unity nor ironSource intends to do so. Important Information for Investors and Stockholders In connection with the proposed transaction, Unity expects to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement of Unity and ironSource that also constitutes a prospectus of Unity, which joint proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed or otherwise disseminated to Unity’s and ironSource’s respective securityholders, as applicable, when it becomes available. Unity and ironSource also plan to file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION . Investors and securityholders may obtain free copies of the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when it becomes available) and other relevant documents filed by Unity and ironSource with the SEC at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . Copies of the documents filed by the companies will be available free of charge on their respective websites at www.unity.com and www.is.com . Participants in Solicitation Unity, ironSource and their respective directors and executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of Unity is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 20, 2022. Information about the directors and executive officers of ironSource is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. No Offer or Solicitation This communication is not intended to and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote of approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.