10-Q 1 f10q0920_switchbackenergy.htm QUARTERLY REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) ☒ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020 OR ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (214) 368-0821 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ As of November 16, 2020, 31,411,763 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 7,852,941 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. SWITCHBACK ENERGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Table of Contents i PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements SWITCHBACK ENERGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 1 SWITCHBACK ENERGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 2 SWITCHBACK ENERGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (UNAUDITED) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 SWITCHBACK ENERGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 SWITCHBACK ENERGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 — Description of Organization, Business Operations and Basis of Presentation Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on May 10, 2019. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus its search for a target business in the energy industry in North America. The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from May 10, 2019 (inception) through September 30, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (the “Initial Public Offering”), and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. In September 2020, in connection with the Proposed Transactions (as defined and described below), the Company formed Lightning Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation, as a wholly owned direct subsidiary of the Company. The Company’s sponsor is NGP Switchback, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”). The registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 25, 2019. On July 30, 2019, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 30,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units, the “Public Shares”) at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $300.0 million. The underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at $10.00 per Unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. On September 4, 2019, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and, on September 6, 2019, the underwriters purchased an additional 1,411,763 units (the “Over-allotment Units”), generating gross proceeds of approximately $14.1 million, and the remaining over-allotment option subsequently expired. The Company incurred offering costs of approximately of approximately $17.7 million, inclusive of $10.9 million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale (the “Private Placement”) of 5,333,333 warrants (each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $8.0 million (Note 4). Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the Over-allotment Units, the Sponsor purchased an additional 188,235 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of approximately $282,000. Approximately $314.1 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering (including the Over-allotment Units) and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. “government securities,” within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 5 The Company will provide holders of the Company’s outstanding Public Shares (the “Public Stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. In such case, the Company will only proceed with a Business Combination if, among other things, the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon consummation of such Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the Public Shares. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors (the “Initial Stockholders”) have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the time frame described below, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or July 30, 2021 (the “Combination Period”), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 6 The Initial Stockholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, the Initial Stockholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares that they hold if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.00. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement (a “Target”), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, in each case including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes, less franchise and income taxes payable. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party or Target that executed an agreement waiving claims against and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account whether or not such agreement is enforceable or to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement of the balances and results for the periods presented. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected through December 31, 2020 or any future period. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 7 Further, section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Proposed Business Combination On September 23, 2020, Lightning Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), ChargePoint, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ChargePoint”), and the Company entered into a business combination agreement and plan of reorganization (the “Business Combination Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub will be merged with and into ChargePoint (the “Merger,” together with the other transactions related thereto, the “Proposed Transactions”), with ChargePoint surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Surviving Corporation”). ChargePoint has delivered to the Company a Stockholder Support Agreement (the “Support Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, certain ChargePoint stockholders (the “Written Consent Parties”), whose ownership interests collectively represent outstanding shares of ChargePoint’s common stock (“ChargePoint Common Stock”) and ChargePoint’s preferred stock (voting on an as-converted basis) sufficient to approve the Merger on behalf of ChargePoint, will agree to support the approval and adoption of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including agreeing to execute a written consent approving the Business Combination Agreement, the Merger and all other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement within 48 hours of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) becoming effective. The Support Agreement will terminate upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”), (ii) the date of the termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms and (iii) the effective date of a written agreement of the Company and the Written Consent Parties terminating the Support Agreement. In connection with the closing of the Merger (the “Closing”), that certain Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below) dated July 25, 2019 (the “IPO Registration Rights Agreement”) will be amended and restated and the Company, certain persons and entities holding securities of the Company prior to the Closing (the “Initial Holders”) and certain persons and entities receiving the Company’s Class A Common Stock or instruments exercisable for the Company’s Class A Common Stock in connection with the Merger (the “New Holders” and together with the Initial Holders, the “Reg Rights Holders”) will enter into that amended and restated IPO Registration Rights Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Business Combination Agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will agree that, within 15 business days after the Closing, the Company will file with the SEC (at the Company’s sole cost and expense) a registration statement registering the resale of certain securities held by or issuable to the Initial Holders and the New Holders (the “Resale Registration Statement”), and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Resale Registration Statement become effective as soon as reasonably practicable after the filing thereof. In certain circumstances, the Reg Rights Holders can demand up to four underwritten offerings and will be entitled to customary piggyback registration rights. 8 Concurrently with ChargePoint entering into the Business Combination Agreement, certain stockholders of ChargePoint, whose ownership interests represent 92.2% of the outstanding ChargePoint Common Stock (voting on an as-converted basis) in the aggregate, have agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to effect any (a) direct or indirect sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, loan or other transfer, or entry into any agreement with respect to any sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, loan or other transfer, with respect to any shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock held by them immediately after the Effective Time, including any shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants to purchase shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock held by them immediately following the Closing or (b) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a), in each case, for six months after the Closing. In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Initial Stockholders entered into a letter agreement (the “Founders Stock Letter”) with the Company pursuant to which, among other things, the Initial Stockholders will, (i) subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to Closing set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the Closing, surrender to the Company, for no consideration and as a capital contribution to the Company, 984,706 of Founders Shares held by them (on a pro rata basis), whereupon such Founder Shares will be immediately canceled and (ii) upon and subject to the Closing, subject 900,000 Founder Shares (including any shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock issued in exchange therefor in the Merger, the “Founder Earn Back Shares”) held by them (on a pro rata basis) to potential forfeiture, if the volume-weighted average closing sale price of one share of the Company’s Class A Common Stock quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (or the exchange on which the shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock are then listed) is greater than or equal to $12.00 for any ten trading days within any twenty consecutive trading day period within the five-year period following the Closing. The Founders Stock Letter also provides that the Sponsor will bear any transaction costs in excess of $20,000,000 that are allocable to the Company in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement, excluding any costs associated with the PIPE (as defined below). In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, on September 23, 2020, the Company entered into separate subscription agreements (collectively, the “Subscription Agreements”) with a number of investors (collectively, the “Subscribers”), pursuant to which the Subscribers agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed to sell to the Subscribers, an aggregate of 22,500,000 shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock for a purchase price of $10.00 per share and an aggregate purchase price of $225,000,000, in a private placement (the “PIPE”). Going Concern Consideration The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Through September 30, 2020, the Company’s liquidity needs have been satisfied through receipt of a $25,000 capital contribution from the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares (Note 4) to the Sponsor, approximately $251,000 in loans from the Sponsor (which were fully repaid on August 12, 2019), and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had approximately $11,000 in its operating bank account, approximately $2.9 million of gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account available to fund a Business Combination (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), and a working capital deficit of approximately $1.0 million (including approximately $391,000 in tax obligations, which will be paid using investment income held in the Trust Account). In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors intend to, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). As of September 30, 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 9 Management has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial Business Combination or for a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. However, in connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, “Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,” management has determined that the Company’s mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable to consummate a Business Combination by July 2021, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate and dissolve after July 30, 2021. Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheet and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the balance sheet, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change due to one or more future events. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit of $250,000, and investments held in the Trust Account. At September 30, 2020, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts, and management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. The Company’s investments held in the Trust Account as of September 30, 2020 are comprised of money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Principles of Consolidation The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Merger Sub, at September 30, 2020. All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments Held in the Trust Account The Company’s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities, or a combination thereof. The Company’s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 10 Fair Value of Financial Instruments Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for the sale of an asset or paid for the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: In some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As of September 30, 2020, the carrying values of cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and taxes payable approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of the instruments. The Company’s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of investments in U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, and are recognized at fair value. The fair value for trading securities is determined using quoted market prices in active markets. Offering Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering Offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering and that were charged to stockholders’ equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in July and September 2019. Shares of Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption Shares of the Company’s Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable shares of the Company’s Class A common stock (including shares of the Company’s Class A common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of the Company’s Class A common stock are classified as stockholders’ equity. Shares of the Company’s Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, 30,002,915 and 30,047,981 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering (including the consummation of the over-allotment) and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 15,992,155 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. 11 The Company’s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations include a presentation of income per share for common stock subject to redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income per share. Net income per share, basic and diluted for the Company’s Class A common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2020 is calculated by dividing (i) the gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account of approximately $25,000, net of applicable taxes and funds available to be withdrawn from the Trust Account for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately $25,000, resulting in net income of $0, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock outstanding for the period of 31,411,763 shares. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for the Company’s Class B common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2020 is calculated by dividing (i) the net loss of approximately $793,000, less income attributable to Public Shares of $0, resulting in a net loss of approximately $793,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Class B common stock outstanding for the period of 7,852,941 shares. Net income per share, basic and diluted for the Company’s Class A common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2019 is calculated by dividing (i) the gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account of approximately $1.0 million, net of applicable taxes and funds available to be withdrawn from the Trust Account for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately $272,000, resulting in an aggregate of approximately $730,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock outstanding for the period of 30,627,450 shares. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for the Company’s Class B common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2019 is calculated by dividing (i) the net income of approximately $195,000, less income attributable to Public Shares of approximately $730,000, resulting in a net loss of approximately $535,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Class B common stock outstanding for the period of 7,852,941 shares. Net income per share, basic and diluted for the Company’s Class A common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 is calculated by dividing (i) the gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account of approximately $1.2 million, net of applicable taxes and funds available to be withdrawn from the Trust Account for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately $392,000, resulting in an aggregate of approximately $761,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock outstanding for the period of 31,411,763 shares. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for the Company’s Class B common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 is calculated by dividing (i) the net loss of approximately $451,000, less income attributable to Public Shares of approximately $761,000, resulting in a net loss of approximately $1.2 million, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Class B common stock outstanding for the period of 7,852,941 shares. Net income per share, basic and diluted for the Company’s Class A common stock for the period from May 10, 2019 (inception) through September 30, 2019 is calculated by dividing (i) the gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account of approximately $1.0 million, net of applicable taxes and funds available to be withdrawn from the Trust Account for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately $272,000, resulting in an aggregate of approximately $730,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock outstanding for the period of 30,627,450 shares. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for the Company’s Class B common stock for the period from May 10, 2019 (inception) through September 30, 2019 is calculated by dividing (i) the net income of approximately $138,000, less income attributable to Public Shares of approximately $730,000, resulting in a net loss of approximately $591,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of the Company’s Class B common stock outstanding for the period of 7,852,941 shares. 12 Income Taxes The Company’s taxable income primarily consists of interest income on the Trust Account. The Company’s general and administrative expenses are generally considered start-up costs and are not currently deductible. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, approximately $5,000 and $242,000 were recorded as income tax expense, respectively. The Company’s effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 were negative 1% and 116%, respectively, which differ from the expected income tax rate due to the start-up costs which are not deductible. The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As of September 30, 2020, and December 31, 2019, the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $509,000 and $223,000, respectively, which had a full valuation allowance recorded against it of approximately $509,000 and $223,000, respectively. For tax benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material impact on the Company’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Note 3 — Initial Public Offering On July 30, 2019, the Company sold 30,000,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit in the Initial Public Offering. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a “Public Warrant”). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). Certain officers and directors of the Company purchased 200,000 (the “Affiliated Units”) of the 30,000,000 Units sold in the Initial Public Offering for an aggregate purchase price of $2.0 million. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. On September 4, 2019, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and, on September 6, 2019, the underwriters purchased the Over-allotment Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately $14.1 million. The remaining over-allotment option subsequently expired. Note 4 — Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On May 16, 2019, the Sponsor purchased 8,625,000 shares (the “Founder Shares”) of the Company’s Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, for an aggregate price of $25,000. The Initial Stockholders agreed to forfeit up to 1,125,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture was adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On September 6, 2019, the underwriters purchased the Over-allotment Units, and the remaining over-allotment option subsequently expired. As a result, an aggregate of 772,059 Founder Shares were forfeited accordingly. 13 The Initial Stockholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (i) the last sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination or (ii) the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The Founder Shares are also subject to the Founders Stock Letter described in Note 1. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,333,333 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of approximately $8.0 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the Over-allotment Units, the Sponsor purchased an additional 188,235 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of approximately $282,000. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Related Party Loans On May 16, 2019, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to cover organizational expenses and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately $251,000 under the Note, and then repaid the Note in full to the Sponsor on August 12, 2019. During the three months ended September 30, 2020, the Sponsor advanced approximately $129,000 to the Company to fund general administrative expenses In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 14 Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the date that the securities of the Company were first listed on the New York Stock Exchange and continuing until the earlier of the Company’s consummation of its initial Business Combination or the Company’s liquidation, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. The Company recorded an aggregate of $30,000 and $90,000 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively, as well as an aggregate of $20,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2019 and for the period from May 10, 2019 (inception) through September 30, 2019, in general and administrative expenses in connection with the related agreement in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2020, the Company recorded an aggregate of approximately $46,000 in related party accrued expenses. Note 5 — Commitments and Contingencies Risks and Uncertainties On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization (“WHO”) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (the “COVID-19 outbreak”). In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve. The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak and related advisories and restrictions. These developments and the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the financial markets and the overall economy are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial markets and/or the overall economy are impacted for an extended period, the Company’s financial position, results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, the Company’s ability to complete an initial Business Combination may be materially adversely affected due to significant governmental measures being implemented to contain the COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact, including travel restrictions, the shutdown of businesses and quarantines, among others, which may limit the Company’s ability to have meetings with potential investors or affect the ability of a potential target company’s personnel, vendors and service providers to negotiate and consummate an initial Business Combination in a timely manner. The Company’s ability to consummate an initial Business Combination may also be dependent on the ability to raise additional equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak and the resulting market downturn. Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and “piggyback” registration rights. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement Except for the Affiliated Units, the underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per unit, or $5.96 million in the aggregate, paid upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional fee of approximately $282,000 in the aggregate was due in connection with the closing of the sale of the Over-allotment Units. In addition, $0.35 per unit (but not including the Affiliated Units), or approximately $10.92 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 15 Note 6 — Stockholders’ Equity Class A Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of September 30, 2020, and December 31, 2019, there were 31,411,763 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, of which 30,002,915 and 30,047,981 shares of Class A common stock were classified outside of permanent equity, respectively. Class B Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. In May 2019, the Company issued 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock, including an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 shares of Class B common stock that were subject to forfeiture to the Company by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option for the Initial Public Offering was not exercised in full. On September 6, 2019, the underwriters purchased the Over-allotment Units, and the remaining over-allotment option subsequently expired. As a result, an aggregate of 772,059 shares of Class B common stock were forfeited accordingly. As of September 30, 2020, and December 31, 2019, there were 7,852,941 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. Prior to the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Company’s Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the Class A common stock will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation may only be amended if approved by a majority of at least 90% of the Company’s common stock. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of the Company’s stockholders, including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, holders of the Company’s Class A common stock and holders of the Company’s Class B common stock will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. The Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination). Preferred Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of September 30, 2020, and December 31, 2019, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 16 Warrants — Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination; provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless” basis, and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption: If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. In addition, commencing 90 days after the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for shares of Class A common stock (including both Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants): 17 The exercise price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. In addition, if the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Newly Issued Price. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. Note 7 — Fair Value Measurements The following tables present information about the Company’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques that the Company utilized to determine such fair value. September 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting periods. There were no transfers between levels of the hierarchy for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020. Note 8 — Subsequent Events In connection with the Proposed Transactions, on October 19, 2020, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) with the SEC, which includes a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus of the Company and consent solicitation statement of ChargePoint. The Company also plans to file other documents with the SEC regarding the Proposed Transactions. After the Registration Statement has been cleared by the SEC, a definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement will be mailed to the stockholders of the Company and ChargePoint. Management has evaluated subsequent events to determine if events or transactions occurring through the date the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were available for issuance require potential adjustment to or disclosure in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and has concluded that all such events that would require recognition or disclosure have been recognized or disclosed. 18 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations References to the “Company,” “our,” “us” or “we” refer to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on May 10, 2019 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Although we are not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating our initial business combination, we intend to focus our search for a target business in the energy industry in North America. Our sponsor is NGP Switchback, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our “Sponsor”). The Registration Statement for our initial public offering (the “Public Offering”) was declared effective on July 25, 2019. On July 30, 2019, we consummated the Public Offering of 30,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units, the “Public Shares”) at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $300.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $17.0 million, inclusive of $10.43 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Certain of our officers and directors purchased 200,000 (the “Affiliated Units”) of the 30,000,000 Units sold in the Public Offering for an aggregate purchase price of $2.0 million. The underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Public Offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at $10.00 per Unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. On September 4, 2019, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and, on September 6, 2019, the underwriters purchased an additional 1,411,763 units (the “Over-allotment Units”), generating gross proceeds of approximately $14.1 million. The remaining over-allotment option subsequently expired. Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we consummated the sale (the “Private Placement”) of 5,333,333 warrants (each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $8.0 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the Over-allotment Units, our Sponsor purchased an additional 188,235 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of approximately $282,000. 19 Approximately $314.1 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Public Offering (including the Over-allotment Units) and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. “government securities,” within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or July 30, 2021, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Results of Operations Our only activities from inception through September 30, 2020 related to our formation and the Public Offering, and, since the closing of the Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. For the three months ended September 30, 2020, we had a net loss of approximately $793,000, which consisted of approximately $25,000 of gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account, offset by approximately $763,000 in general and administrative expenses, $50,000 in franchise tax expense, and approximately $5,000 in income tax expense. For the three months ended September 30, 2019, we had net income of approximately $195,000, which consisted of approximately $1.0 million of gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account, offset by approximately $535,000 in general and administrative expenses, $78,000 in franchise tax expense, and approximately $194,000 in income tax expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, we had a net loss of approximately $451,000, which consisted of approximately $1.2 million of gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account, offset by approximately $1.2 million in general and administrative expenses, $150,000 in franchise tax expense, and approximately $242,000 in income tax expense. For the period from May 10, 2019 (inception) through September 30, 2019, we had net income of approximately $138,000, which consisted of approximately $1.0 million of gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account, offset by approximately $590,000 in general and administrative expenses, $78,000 in franchise tax expense, and approximately $194,000 in income tax expense. Proposed Business Combination On September 23, 2020, we entered into the business combination agreement and plan of reorganization (the “Business Combination Agreement”) with Lightning Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), and ChargePoint, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ChargePoint”). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, Merger Sub will be merged with and into ChargePoint (the “Merger,” together with the other transactions related thereto, the “Proposed Transactions”), with ChargePoint surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. For more information regarding the Proposed Transactions, please refer to Note 1 to the financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 20 Going Concern Consideration Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2020, we had approximately $11,000 in our operating bank account, approximately $2.9 million of gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account available to fund a business combination (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), and a working capital deficit of approximately $1.0 million (including approximately $391,000 in tax obligations, which will be paid using investment income held in Trust Account). In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). As of September 30, 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan . Our liquidity needs up to September 30, 2020 were satisfied through receipt of a $25,000 capital contribution from our Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of shares of our Class B common stock to our Sponsor (the “Founder Shares”), approximately $251,000 in loans from our Sponsor (which was fully repaid on August 12, 2019), and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. Management has determined that the Company has access to funds from our Sponsor that are sufficient to fund our working capital needs until the consummation of an initial business combination or for a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. However, in connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, “Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,” management has determined that the Company’s mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate and dissolve after July 30, 2021. Contractual Obligations Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and “piggyback” registration rights. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement Except for the Affiliated Units, the underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per unit, or $5.96 million in the aggregate, paid upon closing of the Public Offering. An additional fee of approximately $282,000 in the aggregate was due in connection with the closing of the sale of the Over-allotment Units. 21 In addition, $0.35 per unit (but not including the Affiliated Units), or approximately $10.92 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the New York Stock Exchange and continuing until the earlier of our consummation of an initial business combination or our liquidation, we have agreed to pay our Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We recorded an aggregate of $30,000 and $90,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively, in general and administrative expenses in connection with the related agreement in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. We recorded an aggregate of $20,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2019 and for the period from May 10, 2019 (inception) through September 30, 2019 in general and administrative expenses in connection with the related agreement in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2020, we recorded an aggregate of approximately $46,000 in related party accrued expenses. Critical Accounting Policies Shares of Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption Shares of our Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable shares of our Class A common stock (including shares of our Class A common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of our Class A common stock are classified as stockholders’ equity. Shares of our Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, 30,002,915 and 30,047,981 shares of our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Public Offering (including the consummation of the over-allotment) and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 15,992,155 shares of our Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. Our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations include a presentation of income per share for common stock subject to redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income per share. Net income per share, basic and diluted for our Class A common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2020 is calculated by dividing (i) the gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account of approximately $25,000, net of applicable taxes and funds available to be withdrawn from the Trust Account for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately $25,000, resulting in net income of $0, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of our Class A common stock outstanding for the period of 31,411,763 shares. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for our Class B common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2020 is calculated by dividing (i) the net loss of approximately $793,000, less income attributable to Public Shares of $0, resulting in a net loss of approximately $793,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of our Class B common stock outstanding for the period of 7,852,941 shares. 22 Net income per share, basic and diluted for our Class A common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2019 is calculated by dividing (i) the gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account of approximately $1.0 million, net of applicable taxes and funds available to be withdrawn from the Trust Account for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately $272,000, resulting in an aggregate of approximately $730,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of our Class A common stock outstanding for the period of 30,627,450 shares. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for our Class B common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2019 is calculated by dividing (i) the net income of approximately $195,000, less income attributable to Public Shares of approximately $730,000, resulting in a net loss of approximately $535,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of our Class B common stock outstanding for the period of 7,852,941 shares. Net income per share, basic and diluted for our Class A common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 is calculated by dividing (i) the gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account of approximately $1.2 million, net of applicable taxes and funds available to be withdrawn from the Trust Account for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately $392,000, resulting in an aggregate of approximately $761,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of our Class A common stock outstanding for the period of 31,411,763 shares. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for our Class B common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 is calculated by dividing (i) the net loss of approximately $451,000, less income attributable to Public Shares of approximately $761,000, resulting in a net loss of approximately $1.2 million, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of our Class B common stock outstanding for the period of 7,852,941 shares. Net income per share, basic and diluted for our Class A common stock for the period from May 10, 2019 (inception) through September 30, 2019 is calculated by dividing (i) the gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account of approximately $1.0 million, net of applicable taxes and funds available to be withdrawn from the Trust Account for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately $272,000, resulting in an aggregate of approximately $730,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of our Class A common stock outstanding for the period of 30,627,450 shares. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for our Class B common stock for the period from May 10, 2019 (inception) through September 30, 2019 is calculated by dividing (i) the net income of approximately $138,000, less income attributable to Public Shares of approximately $730,000, resulting in a net loss of approximately $591,000, by (ii) the weighted average number of shares of our Class B common stock outstanding for the period of 7,852,941 shares. Recent Accounting Pronouncements We do not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material impact on our financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of September 30, 2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”) was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 23 As an “emerging growth company,” we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Public Offering or until we otherwise no longer qualify as an “emerging growth company.” Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. As a result, pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2020. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 24 PART II – OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings None. Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020 (“2019 Annual Report”). Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. Except as noted below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes in the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” in our 2019 Annual Report. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested only in U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we are permitted to use for payment of our franchise and income tax obligations and up to $100,000 of dissolution expenses) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders will be entitled to receive their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Unregistered Sales On May 16, 2019, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 Founder Shares for $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination. On July 25, 2019, our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 80,000 Founder Shares to two of our independent directors at their original purchase price. In September 2019, our Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 772,059 Founder Shares. On July 31, 2020, our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 40,000 Founder Shares to our third independent director at their original purchase price. The Founder Shares were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Simultaneously with the consummation of our Public Offering, our Sponsor purchased from the Company an aggregate of 5,333,333 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant (for a purchase price of approximately $8.0 million). In addition, simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the Over-allotment Units, we consummated the sale of an additional 188,235 Private Placement Warrants in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $282,000. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The sales of the Private Placement Warrants were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 25 Use of Proceeds On July 30, 2019, we consummated the Public Offering of 30,000,000 Units. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $300.0 million. Certain of our officers and directors purchased 200,000 of the 30,000,000 Units sold in the Public Offering for an aggregate purchase price of $2.0 million. The underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Public Offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at $10.00 per Unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. On September 4, 2019, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and, on September 6, 2019, the underwriters purchased 1,411,763 of the Over-allotment Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately $14.1 million. The remaining over-allotment option subsequently expired. On July 30, 2019, simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we completed the private sale of 5,333,333 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $8.0 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the Over-allotment Units, we completed the private sale of an additional 188,235 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $282,000. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. served as underwriters for the Public Offering. The securities sold in the Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-232501) (the “Registration Statement”). The SEC declared the Registration Statement effective on July 25, 2019. From May 10, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019, we incurred approximately $17.7 million for costs and expenses related to the Public Offering, including an up-front fee of approximately $6.24 million in underwriting discounts and commissions and approximately $10.92 million in deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the closing of the Public Offering, our Sponsor loaned us approximately $251,000 under a promissory note (the “Note”). We repaid this Note to our Sponsor on August 12, 2019. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on July 29, 2019. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of approximately $10.92 million, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination) and offering expenses, the total net proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were approximately $315.1 million, of which approximately $314.1 million (or $10.00 per share sold in the Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None. 26 Item 6. Exhibits. 27 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 28