0001780312 false 0001780312 2023-02-16 2023-02-16 0001780312 ASTS:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 2023-02-16 2023-02-16 0001780312 ASTS:WarrantsExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 2023-02-16 2023-02-16 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 16, 2023 AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (432) 276-3966 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01 Other Events On April 1, 2021, AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (the “Company”), then operating under the name New Providence Acquisition Corp. (“NPA”), held a special meeting (the “Special Meeting”) to approve certain matters relating to its proposed business combination transaction (the “Business Combination”) with AST & Science, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. One of these matters was a proposal to amend and restate NPA’s certificate of incorporation (the “Charter Proposal”). At the Special Meeting, NPA’s stockholders approved all proposals relating to the Business Combination, including the Charter Proposal, which was approved by a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, voting together as a single class. On April 6, 2021, the parties closed the Business Combination and the Company’s certificate of incorporation, as amended to give effect to the Charter Proposal (the “New Charter”), became effective. Due in part to a recent ruling by the Delaware Court of Chancery, there is uncertainty as to whether Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) would have required separate votes of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock on the Charter Proposal. The Company has been proceeding with the understanding that the Charter Proposal and the New Charter are valid, including by issuing securities in reliance thereon. In light of the recent Court of Chancery ruling, however, the Company filed a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery pursuant to Section 205 of the DGCL on February 16, 2023, seeking (i) the validation of the stockholder vote approving the Charter Proposal and (ii) the validation and declaration of effectiveness of (a) the New Charter (including its filing and effectiveness, in each case as of April 6, 2021) and (b) the securities issued or to be issued in reliance on the approval of the Charter Proposal and/or the validity of the New Charter, as of the respective dates of issuance. A copy of the petition in the form filed with the Court of Chancery is available at ast-science.com/investors. Section 205 of the DGCL permits the Delaware Court of Chancery, in its discretion, to ratify and validate potentially defective corporate acts after considering a variety of factors. If the Company is not successful in the Section 205 proceeding, the uncertainty with respect to its capitalization resulting from the Delaware Court of Chancery’s ruling referenced above could have a material adverse impact on the Company, including on its ability to issue stock-based compensation to its employees, directors and officers or complete equity or debt financing transactions until the underlying issues are definitively resolved. On February 17, 2023, the Court of Chancery granted the motion to expedite and set a hearing date for the Petition to be heard. The hearing has been set for March 14, 2023 at 11:45 a.m. Eastern Time at the Leonard L. Williams Justice Center, 500 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. This Form 8-K constitutes notice of the hearing. If any stockholder of the Company wishes to express a position on the Petition, such stockholders of the Company may (i) appear at the hearing or (ii) file a written submission with the Register in Chancery, Leonard L. Williams Justice Center, 500 North King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, referring to the case caption, In re AST SpaceMobile, Inc. No. 2023-0202-LWW in advance of the hearing, and any such written submission should be emailed to the Company’s counsel, Kevin Gallagher, Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., at gallagher@rlf.com. Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains “forward-looking statements” that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results of AST SpaceMobile to differ materially from those expected and projected. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “potential,” “projects,” “predicts,” “continue,” or “should,” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results. Most of these factors are outside AST SpaceMobile’s control and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (i) expectations regarding AST SpaceMobile’s strategies and future financial performance, including AST’s future business plans or objectives, expected functionality of the SpaceMobile Service, anticipated timing and level of deployment of satellites, anticipated demand and acceptance of mobile satellite services, prospective performance and commercial opportunities and competitors, the timing of obtaining regulatory approvals, ability to finance its research and development activities, commercial partnership acquisition and retention, products and services, pricing, marketing plans, operating expenses, market trends, revenues, liquidity, cash flows and uses of cash, capital expenditures, and AST’s ability to invest in growth initiatives; (ii) the negotiation of definitive agreements with mobile network operators relating to the SpaceMobile service that would supersede preliminary agreements and memoranda of understanding; (iii) the ability of AST SpaceMobile to grow and manage growth profitably and retain its key employees and AST SpaceMobile’s responses to actions of its competitors and its ability to effectively compete; (iv) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (v) the possibility that AST SpaceMobile may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (vi) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against AST SpaceMobile; and (vii) other risks and uncertainties indicated in the Company’s filings with the SEC, including those in the Risk Factors section of AST SpaceMobile’s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. The planned testing of the BW3 test satellite may not be completed as currently planned due to a variety of factors, which could include loss of satellite connectivity, destruction of the satellite, or other communication failures, and even if completed as planned, the BW3 testing may indicate adjustments that are needed or modifications that must be made, any of which could result in additional costs, which could be material, and delays in commercializing our service. If there are delays or issues with our testing, it may become more costly to raise capital, if we are able to do so at all. AST SpaceMobile cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. AST SpaceMobile cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors incorporated by reference into AST SpaceMobile’s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. AST SpaceMobile’s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, AST SpaceMobile disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: February 21, 2023