twist-20230503 FALSE 0001581280 0001581280 2023-05-03 2023-05-03 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) May 3, 2023 Twist Bioscience Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 681 Gateway Boulevard South San Francisco , CA 94080 (Address of principal executive offices, including ZIP code) ( 800 ) 719-0671 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On May 5, 2023, Twist Bioscience Corporation (the “ Company ” or “ Twist Bioscience ”) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. The full text of the press release issued in connection with the announcement is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The information furnished in this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 2.05 Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. On May 3, 2023, the Company’s board of directors approved a strategic restructuring plan, which includes a reduction in force affecting approximately 270 employees worldwide, representing approximately 25% of the Company’s total workforce. The Company expects the plan to be implemented beginning in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 and substantially completed by the end of fiscal year 2023. The Company expects to incur pre-tax charges of between $9 and $11 million, consisting of cash expenditures for employee severance and related benefit costs. In addition, the Company expects that it may incur additional charges related to facility consolidation, asset impairments and inventory write-offs that it is currently not able to estimate in good faith, and in accordance with Item 2.05 of Form 8-K, the Company will file an amendment to this report upon determination of such estimated additional charges, if any. The Company’s estimates are subject to a number of assumptions, and actual results may materially differ. The Company may also incur additional costs not currently contemplated due to events that may occur as a result of, or that are associated with, the restructuring plan. Forward-Looking Statements Item 2.05 of this current report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained herein, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the number of positions affected by, the time frame for completion of, and the estimated costs of the reduction in force are forward-looking statements reflecting the current beliefs and expectations of management made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause Twist Bioscience’s actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the ability to achieve the expected benefits of Twist Bioscience’s workforce reduction, transition of production to the Factory of the Future and reduced investments in DNA data storage; the ability to attract new customers and retain and grow sales from existing customers; the ability of Twist to achieve sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain positive cash flow from operations or profitability in any given period; risks and uncertainties of rapidly changing technologies and extensive competition in synthetic biology that could make the products Twist Bioscience is developing obsolete or non-competitive; uncertainties of the retention of significant customers; the ability of Twist Bioscience to successfully integrate acquired companies, and to achieve expected benefits from acquisitions; supply chain and other disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise; risks of third party claims alleging infringement of patents and proprietary rights or seeking to invalidate Twist Bioscience’s patents or proprietary rights; and the risk that Twist Bioscience’s proprietary rights may be insufficient to protect its technologies. For a description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Twist Bioscience’s business in general, see the risk factors set forth in Twist Bioscience’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2023 and subsequent filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this current report speak only as of the date hereof, and Twist Bioscience specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.