0001083301 false 0001083301 2022-10-25 2022-10-25 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of the Report: October 28, 2022 (Date of the earliest event reported: October 25, 2022 ) TERAWULF INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 9 Federal Street Easton , Maryland 21601 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 410 ) 770-9500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Amended & Restated Advance As previously disclosed, in connection with a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the “SEPA”) entered into on June 2, 2022 with YA II PN, Ltd. (“Yorkville”), the Company received an advance from Yorkville on the same date in the form of a convertible promissory note in an aggregate principal amount of $15 million (the “Advance”) for a purchase price of $14,700,000. The Advance has a maturity date of November 25, 2022 (the “Maturity Date”) and accrues annual interest at a rate of 4%. The Advance is convertible into shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at Yorkville’s option at a conversion price of $3.75 (the “Conversion Price”) any time prior to the Maturity Date, subject to the terms and conditions of the Advance. The Company may also sell Common Stock at the Conversion Price in order to offset amounts owed by the Company to Yorkville under the Advance. On October 25, 2022, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Yorkville pursuant to which it agreed to amend and restate the Advance in its entirety. On October 25, 2022, the Company issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note to Yorkville which, among other things, grants Yorkville the right to extend the Maturity Date from November 25 to December 23, 2022 upon advance notice to the Company, and changes the Conversion Price from $3.75 to $1.26 per share of Common Stock. The foregoing description of the SEPA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the SEPA, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K on June 8, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. The disclosure set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report under “Amended & Restated Advance” is incorporated herein by reference. Forward Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such forward-looking statements include statements concerning anticipated future events and expectations that are not historical facts. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “plan,” “believe,” “goal,” “target,” “aim,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “outlook,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project,” “continue,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “should,” “would” and other similar words and expressions, although the absence of these words or expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations and beliefs of TeraWulf’s management and are inherently subject to a number of factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions and their potential effects. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements based on a number of factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, among others: (1) conditions in the data mining industry, including fluctuation in the market pricing of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and the economics of cryptocurrency mining, including as to variables or factors affecting the cost, efficiency and profitability of cryptocurrency mining; (2) competition among the various providers of data mining services; (3) changes in applicable laws, regulations and/or permits affecting TeraWulf’s operations or the industries in which it operates, including regulation regarding power generation, cryptocurrency usage and/or cryptocurrency mining; (4) the ability to implement certain business objectives and to timely and cost-effectively execute integrated projects; (5) failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and/or on acceptable terms with regard to growth strategies or operations; (6) loss of public confidence in bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies and the potential for cryptocurrency market manipulation; (7) the potential of cybercrime, money-laundering, malware infections and phishing and/or loss and interference as a result of equipment malfunction or break-down, physical disaster, data security breach, computer malfunction or sabotage (and the costs associated with any of the foregoing); (8) the availability, delivery schedule and cost of equipment necessary to maintain and grow the business and operations of TeraWulf, including mining equipment and infrastructure equipment meeting the technical or other specifications required to achieve its growth strategy; (9) employment workforce factors, including the loss of key employees; (10) litigation relating to TeraWulf, IKONICS and/or the business combination; (11) the ability to recognize the anticipated objectives and benefits of the business combination; and (12) other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Potential investors, stockholders and other readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. TeraWulf does not assume any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after it was made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or regulation. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements and the discussion of risk factors contained in the Company’s filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. Dated: October 28, 2022 3