0001419612 false 0001419612 2020-09-25 2020-09-25 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): September 25, 2020 SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s Telephone number, including area code: 972 ( 9 ) 957-6620 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2 below): Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§435.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indenture and Notes On September 25, 2020, SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) sold to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representatives (the “Representatives”) of the several initial purchasers (the “Initial Purchasers”), and the Initial Purchasers purchased from the Company, $632.5 million aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 0.000% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the “Notes”), pursuant to a purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) between the Company and the Representatives. The $632.5 million aggregate principal amount of Notes included the exercise in full of the option granted by the Company to the Initial Purchasers to purchase up to an additional $82.5 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes, solely to cover over-allotments. The notes were offered in a private placement in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), to the initial purchasers for initial resale to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. The offer and sale of the Notes and the common stock of the Company (the “common stock”) issuable upon conversion, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company entered into an Indenture, dated September 25, 2020 (the “Indenture”), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). The terms of the Notes are governed by the Indenture. The Notes will not bear regular interest. The Notes mature on September 15, 2025, unless repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The Notes are general senior unsecured obligations of the Company, ranking senior in right of payment to any future debt that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and equally in right of payment with all of the Company’s existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the Company’s existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The Notes will be structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future liabilities and obligations of the Company’s subsidiaries. Holders may convert their Notes under the following conditions at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding June 15, 2025 in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, only under the following circumstances: In addition, holders may convert their Notes, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, at their option at any time beginning on or after June 15, 2025, and prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the stated maturity date of the Notes, without regard to the foregoing circumstances. The initial conversion rate for the Notes is 3.5997 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $277.80 per share of common stock, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events as set forth in the Indenture. Upon conversion, the Company may choose to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock. In addition, upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, at a repurchase price of 100% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the repurchase date. If certain fundamental changes referred to as make-whole fundamental changes occur, the conversion rate for the Notes may be increased. The events of default, as set forth in the Indenture, include: If an event of default, other than an event of default involving the Company’s bankruptcy or insolvency, occurs and is continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare 100% of the principal amount of, and accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any) on all the Notes then outstanding, to be due and payable immediately. If an event of default involving bankruptcy or insolvency events involving the Company occurs, then 100% of the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all the Notes, will automatically become immediately due and payable without any notice or other action by the Trustee or any holder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture will consist exclusively of the right of the holders of the Notes to receive additional interest on the Notes for up to 360 days following such failure. The foregoing description of the Indenture and the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indenture and the form of Notes, which are attached as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.