10-Q 1 d158374d10q.htm 10-Q 10-Q Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021 OR For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 001-39540 Palantir Technologies Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (720) 358-3679 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ As of May 7, 2021, there were 1,805,225,985 shares of the registrant’s Class A common stock outstanding, 70,515,320 shares of the registrant’s Class B common stock outstanding, and 1,005,000 shares of the registrant’s Class F common stock outstanding. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 Table of Contents PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) (1) Deferred revenue as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 includes $61.1 million and $68.2 million, respectively, from Palantir Technologies Japan, K.K. See Note 6 . Equity Method Investments, for more information. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible and Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) (in thousands) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Organization Palantir Technologies Inc. (including its subsidiaries, “Palantir,” or “the Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on May 6, 2003. The Company builds and deploys software platforms, Palantir Gotham and Palantir Foundry, that serve as the central operating systems for its customers. 2. Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Consolidation The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) regarding interim financial reporting. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Palantir Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in entities where the Company holds at least a 20% ownership interest and has the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee, but does not control, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. For such investments, the share of the investee’s results of operations is included as a component of other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and the investment balance is included in other assets and classified as noncurrent in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company’s fiscal year ends on December 31. The unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 included herein was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures, including certain notes required by GAAP on an annual reporting basis. In management’s opinion, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the balance sheets and statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full fiscal year or any future period. The Company ceased to be an emerging growth company as of December 31, 2020, which accelerated its adoption of Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). As a result, certain components of cash flows used in operating activities within the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2020 have been presented to conform to the new standard. The impact to the presentation of the other statements was not material. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021. Use of Estimates The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates and assumptions made in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, identification of performance obligations in customer contracts, the valuation of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions, collectability of accounts receivable, useful lives of tangible assets, and the incremental borrowing rate for operating leases. Estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could affect the Company’s financial position and results of operations. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies The Company’s significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021. There have been no significant changes to these policies during the three months ended March 31, 2021. 8 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consists of amounts invested in money market funds. Restricted cash primarily consists of cash and certificates of deposit that are held as collateral against letters of credit and guarantees that the Company is required to maintain for operating lease agreements, certain customer contracts, and other guarantees and financing arrangements. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the condensed consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the amounts shown in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of an allowance for credit losses, if any. The Company generally grants non-collateralized credit terms to its customers. Allowance for credit losses is based on the Company’s best estimate of probable losses inherent in its accounts receivable portfolio and is determined based on expectations of the customer’s ability to pay by considering factors such as customer type (commercial or government), historical experience, financial position of the customer, age of the accounts receivable, current economic conditions, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and reasonable and supportable forward-looking factors about its portfolio and future economic conditions. Accounts receivable are written-off and charged against an allowance for credit losses when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success. Based upon the Company’s assessment as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, it did not record an allowance for credit losses as probable losses are not expected to be material. Concentrations of Credit Risk and Other Concentrations Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents consist of money market funds with original maturities of three months or less, which are invested primarily with U.S. financial institutions. Cash deposits with financial institutions, including restricted cash, generally exceed federally insured limits. Management believes minimal credit risk exists with respect to these financial institutions and the Company has not experienced any losses on such amounts. The Company is exposed to concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable presented on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company’s accounts receivable balances as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were $151.4 million and $156.9 million, respectively. Customer G represented 14% and 13% of total accounts receivable as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. No other customer represented more than 10% of total accounts receivable as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. The Company seeks to mitigate its credit risk with respect to accounts receivable by contracting with large commercial customers and government agencies and regularly monitoring the aging of accounts receivable balances. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company had not experienced any significant losses on its accounts receivable. For the three months ended March 31, 2021, no customer represented more than 10% of total revenue. For the three months ended March 31, 2020, Customer F, which is in the government operating segment, represented 12% of total revenue and Customer A, which is in the commercial operating segment, represented 11% of total revenue. No other customer represented more than 10% of total revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2020. 9 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements The Company relies on the technology, infrastructure, and software applications, including software-as-a-service offerings, of third parties in order to host or operate certain key products and functions of its business. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740) as part of its simplification initiative to reduce the cost and complexity in accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. ASU 2019-12 also amends other aspects of the guidance to help simplify and promote consistent application of GAAP. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 as of January 1, 2021 using transition methods allowed under each aspect of the guidance. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements. 3. Contract Liabilities and Remaining Performance Obligations Contract Liabilities The Company’s contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and customer deposits. As March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 the Company’s contract liability balances were $552.4 million and $531.9 million, respectively. Revenue of $169.5 million and $181.2 million was recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that was included in the contract liability balances as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Remaining Performance Obligations The Company’s arrangements with its customers often have terms that span over multiple years. However, the Company generally allows its customers to terminate contracts for convenience prior to the end of the stated term with less than twelve months’ notice. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents noncancelable contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and, in certain instances, amounts that will be invoiced. The Company has elected the practical expedient allowing the Company to not disclose remaining performance obligations for contracts with original terms of twelve months or less. Cancelable contracted revenue, which includes customer deposits, is not considered a remaining performance obligation. The Company’s remaining performance obligations were $625.9 million as of March 31, 2021, of which the Company expects to recognize approximately 50% as revenue over the next twelve months. Disaggregation of Revenue See Note 13. Segment and Geographic Information , for disaggregated revenue by customer segment and geographic region. 10 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 4. Fair Value Measurements Financial instruments consist of cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, other assets accounted for at fair value, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. Cash equivalents and restricted cash are stated at fair value on a recurring basis. Accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities are stated at their carrying value, which approximates fair value due to the short time to the expected receipt or payment date. The carrying amount of the Company’s outstanding debt approximates the fair value as the debt bears a floating rate that approximates the market interest rate. The following table presents the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in thousands): Certificates of Deposit The Company’s Level 2 instruments consist of restricted cash invested in certificates of deposit. The fair value of such instruments is estimated based on valuations obtained from third-party pricing services that utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income-based and market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable either directly or indirectly. These inputs include interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings. Gross unrealized gains or losses for cash equivalents as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were not material. 11 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 5. Balance Sheet Components Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands): Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment, net was $3.2 million and $3.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accrued Liabilities Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 6. Equity Method Investments Palantir Technologies Japan, K.K. During November 2019, the Company and SOMPO Holdings, Inc. (“SOMPO”) created a Japanese Kabushiki Kaisha (“K.K.”), Palantir Technologies Japan, K.K. (“Palantir Japan”), to distribute Palantir platforms to the Japanese market. Upon closing of the transaction with SOMPO, the Company purchased a total of 100,000 shares of Palantir Japan common stock for $25.0 million. The shares the Company received in exchange represent a 50% voting interest in Palantir Japan. The remaining 50% of the voting interest is held by SOMPO. The Company’s investment in Palantir Japan is accounted for as an equity method investment as the Company is able to exercise significant influence over, but does not control, the investee. Concurrently with the formation of Palantir Japan, the Company entered into a ten-year license and services agreement with Palantir Japan for a limited non-transferable right to resell the Company’s platforms and use certain of the Company’s trademarks in exchange for $25.0 million and future quarterly royalty payments to be paid based on Palantir Japan’s net revenue. In connection with the license rights sold to Palantir Japan, the Company recorded the receipt of the $25.0 million in deferred revenue, which will be recognized over the term of the agreement. In addition, the Company received a prepayment of $50.0 million to be used toward future products and services provided by the Company to support the business operations and future deployments of the Company’s platforms by Palantir Japan (“service credit”). The Company recorded the $50.0 million service credit in deferred revenue, which will be utilized on an as-needed basis and expires after five years. For the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, Palantir Japan utilized $6.7 million and $0.3 million, respectively, of the service credit. 12 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 7. Debt 2014 Credit Facility In October 2014, the Company entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility which has been subsequently amended (the “2014 Credit Facility”). The 2014 Credit Facility bears interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus a margin of 2.75% per annum, subject to certain adjustments, and incurs a commitment fee of 0.375% assessed on the daily average undrawn portion of revolving commitments. Interest and commitment fees are payable at the end of an interest period or at each three-month interval if the interest period is longer than three months. The 2014 Credit Facility, as amended, matures on June 4, 2023. As of March 31, 2021, the Company had $200.0 million of term loans outstanding under the 2014 Credit Facility and an additional $200.0 million undrawn revolving credit facility available. The 2014 Credit Facility is secured with substantially all of the Company’s assets. The 2014 Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, and certain financial and nonfinancial covenants, including but not limited to maintaining minimum liquidity of $50.0 million, and certain limitations on liens and indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with all covenants associated with the 2014 Credit Facility as of March 31, 2021. The Company’s outstanding debt consisted of the following as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 (in thousands): 8. Commitments and Contingencies Letters of Credit and Guarantees The Company had irrevocable standby letters of credit and guarantees, including bank guarantees, outstanding in the amounts of $109.0 million and $116.8 million as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, which were fully collateralized. The Company is required to maintain these letters of credit and guarantees primarily for operating lease agreements, certain customer contracts, and other guarantees and financing arrangements. As of March 31, 2021, these letters of credit and guarantees had expiration dates through August 2028. Purchase Commitments In December 2019, the Company entered into, and subsequently amended during December 2020, a minimum annual commitment to purchase cloud hosting services of at least $1.49 billion over six contract years, with an optional carryover period through June 30, 2029, in exchange for various discounts on such services. If the spend does not meet the minimum annual commitment each year or at the end of the term, the Company is obligated to make a return payment. If the difference is greater than $30.0 million for each of the first three contract years or $50.0 million for each of the contract years thereafter (“relief amounts”), the Company has the option to pay the respective relief amount for that year for services to be utilized in the future and the excess amount of the difference above the relief amount would be added to the minimum annual commitment of the following year through the end of the contract. As of March 31, 2021, the Company had satisfied $111.2 million of its $126.0 million commitment for the contract year ending June 30, 2021. In June 2020, the Company entered into an additional commitment to purchase at least $45.0 million of cloud hosting services over a period of five years commencing on June 1, 2020 and ending on May 31, 2025. If the spend commitment is not met at the end of the term, the Company is obligated to pay the full amount of the outstanding balance (“shortfall payment”). The shortfall payment may be applied as a prepayment against consumption during an additional twelve-month coverage period expiring on May 31, 2026, at which time any unused amount would be forfeited. As of March 31, 2021, the Company had satisfied $4.4 million of its commitment. 13 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Investment Commitment On March 30, 2021, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Qell Acquisition Corp (“Qell”) and Qell DutchCo B.V (“Lilium HoldCo”) to purchase 4.1 million Class A ordinary shares of Lilium HoldCo in a private placement for a total purchase price of $41.0 million. The closing of the private placement is contingent upon the completion of the proposed business combination between Qell, Lilium HoldCo, and Lilium GmbH (“Lilium”). Additionally, concurrent with signing the subscription agreement, Lilium and the Company entered into a five-year enterprise subscription contract to access the Company’s products and services. Litigation and Legal Proceedings From time to time, third parties may assert patent infringement claims against the Company. In addition, from time to time, the Company may be subject to other legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights; employment claims; securities claims; investor claims; corporate claims; class action claims; and general contract, tort, or other claims. The Company may from time to time also be subject to various legal or government claims, disputes, or investigations. Such matters may include, but not be limited to, claims, disputes, allegations, or investigations related to warranty; refund; breach of contract; breach, leak, or misuse of personal data or confidential information; employment; government procurement; intellectual property; government regulation or compliance (including but not limited to anti-corruption requirements, export or other trade controls, data privacy or data protection, cybersecurity requirements, or antitrust/competition law requirements); securities; investor; corporate; or other matters. The Company is unable to predict whether or when any such matters may arise, the outcome of these matters, or the ultimate legal and financial liability, and cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss at this time and accordingly has not accrued a related liability. On December 14, 2017, members of KT4 Partners LLC (Managing Member Marc Abramowitz) and Sandra Martin Clark, as trustee for the Marc Abramowitz Irrevocable Trust Number 7 (together, “KT4 Plaintiffs”), filed an action in the Delaware Superior Court against the Company and Disruptive Technology Advisers LLC. The complaint alleges tortious interference with prospective economic advantage and civil conspiracy in connection with a potential sale of stock by the KT4 Plaintiffs to a third party. The KT4 Plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages, interest, fees, and costs. The Company believes this lawsuit is without merit and is vigorously defending itself against it. Given the uncertainty of litigation, it may be reasonably possible that the Company will incur a loss with regards to the matter; however, it cannot currently estimate a range of possible losses. Accordingly, the Company is unable at this time to estimate the overall effects that may result from the case on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. As of March 31, 2021, the Company was not aware of any currently pending legal matters or claims, individually or in the aggregate, that were expected to have a material adverse impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. Warranties and Indemnification The Company generally provides a warranty for its software products and services and a service level agreement (“SLA”) for the Company’s performance of software operations via its operations and maintenance (“O&M”) services to its customers. The Company’s products are generally warranted to perform substantially as described in the associated product documentation during the subscription term or for a period of up to 90 days where the software is hosted by the customer; and the Company includes O&M services as part of its subscription and license agreements to support this warranty and maintain the operability of the software. The Company’s services are generally warranted to be performed in a professional manner and by an adequate staff with knowledge about the products. In the event there is a failure of such warranties, the Company generally is obligated to correct the product or service to conform to the warranty provision, as set forth in the applicable SLA, or, if the Company is unable to do so, the customer is entitled to seek a refund of the purchase price of the product and service (generally prorated over the contract term). Due to the absence of historical warranty claims, the Company’s expectations of future claims related to products under warranty continue to be insignificant. The Company has not recorded warranty expense or related accruals as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 14 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements The Company generally agrees to indemnify its customers against legal claims that the Company’s software products infringe certain third-party intellectual property rights and accounts for its indemnification obligations. In the event of such a claim, the Company is generally obligated to defend its customer against the claim and to either settle the claim at the Company’s expense or pay damages that the customer is legally required to pay to the third-party claimant. In addition, in the event of an infringement, the Company generally agrees to secure the right for the customer to continue using the infringing product; to modify or replace the infringing product; or, if those options are not commercially practicable, to refund the cost of the software, as prorated over the period. To date, the Company has not been required to make any payment resulting from infringement claims asserted against its customers and does not believe that the Company will be liable for such claims in the foreseeable future. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for infringement costs as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. The Company has obligations under certain circumstances to indemnify each of the defendant directors and certain officers against judgments, fines, settlements, and expenses related to claims against such directors and certain officers and otherwise to the fullest extent permitted under the law and the Company’s bylaws and Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 9. Stockholders’ Equity The Company’s Class A, Class B, and Class F common stock (collectively, the “common stock”) all have the same rights, except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Class A and Class B common stock have voting rights of 1 and 10 votes per share, respectively. The Class F common stock has the voting rights generally described below and each share of Class F common stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder thereof, into one share of Class B common stock. All shares of Class F common stock are held in a voting trust established by Stephen Cohen, Alexander Karp, and Peter Thiel (our “Founders”). The Class F common stock generally gives the Founders the ability to control up to 49.999999% of the total voting power of the Company’s capital stock, so long as the Founders and certain of their affiliates collectively meet a minimum ownership threshold, which was 100.0 million of the Company’s equity securities as of March 31, 2021. Holders of common stock are entitled to dividends when, as and if declared by the Company’s Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights to dividends. No dividends have been declared as of March 31, 2021. In connection with the Company’s direct listing of its Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (“Direct Listing”) in September 2020, all outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock were converted into 4,017,378 and 793,725,807 shares of Class B common stock, respectively, and 1,005,000 shares of Class B common stock held by the Founders were exchanged for an equal number of shares of Class F common stock. The following represented the total authorized, issued, and outstanding shares for each class of common stock (in thousands): 15 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 10. Stock-Based Compensation Stock Options The following table summarizes stock option activity for the three months ended March 31, 2021 (in thousands, except per share amounts): As of March 31, 2021, the unrecognized expense related to options outstanding was $1.1 billion, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of 8.09 years. RSUs The following table summarizes the RSU activity for the three months ended March 31, 2021 (in thousands, except per share amounts): As of March 31, 2021, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs outstanding was $850.8 million, which the Company expects to recognize over 3.30 years. Growth Units In May 2019, the Company granted growth units which vest upon the satisfaction of both a performance-based vesting condition, which was satisfied upon the Company’s Direct Listing, and a service-based vesting condition, which was satisfied in March 2021. In March 2021, the 3.6 million outstanding growth units vested and, per the formula applicable to the awards, converted into 1.5 million shares of common stock. During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company recognized the remaining stock-based compensation expense related to the growth units of $1.2 million. 16 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Stock-based Compensation Expense Total stock-based compensation expense was as follows (in thousands): Related Party Non-Recourse Note In November 2016, the Company entered into a non-recourse promissory note to lend an employee director $25.9 million, which was secured by 10.5 million shares of the Company common stock held by the employee director (“pledged collateral”). Such arrangement was accounted for as a stock option issued to the employee, and the Company recorded the related stock-based compensation expense upon the issuance of the note. The promissory note accrued interest at a rate of 1.5% per annum, compounded semi-annually. In August 2020, the Company received a payment of $26.6 million for a portion of the principal and accrued interest on the outstanding non-recourse promissory note in the form of 3.5 million shares of common stock based on the fair market value of the common stock on the date of repayment. The Company forgave the remaining $0.8 million owed under the note, guaranteed the employee director a tax neutrality payment to cover his additional tax liability associated with the transaction, and terminated its security interest in the remaining shares of common stock that were originally pledged as collateral. The forgiveness of the remaining debt and the provision of the tax neutrality payment was accounted for as a modification to the original stock option, and the Company recorded additional stock-based compensation expense of $4.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 and satisfied the liability as of March 31, 2021. 11. Income Taxes The Company recorded provision for income taxes of $3.1 million and $2.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. as well as other tax jurisdictions in which it conducts business. The Company’s 2021 effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the valuation allowance recorded on the Company’s losses in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. The change was primarily due to increases in profits from the Company’s international operations offset by decreases in foreign withholding taxes. The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in future periods. The Company assesses its ability to realize the deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis, and it establishes a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company weighs all available positive and negative evidence, including its earnings history and results of recent operations, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. For example, due to the weight of objectively verifiable negative evidence, including its history of losses in certain jurisdictions, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets will not be fully realized. Accordingly, the Company has maintained a valuation allowance on its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. The Company’s effective rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the valuation allowance recorded on its losses from the U.S. and other jurisdictions, foreign income taxed at different rates, non-deductible of stock-based compensation, and withholding tax expense. 17 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders (in thousands, except per share amounts): The following outstanding potentially dilutive common stock equivalents have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the periods presented due to their anti-dilutive effect (in thousands): 13. Segment and Geographic Information The following tables reflect the results of the Company’s reportable operating segments consistent with the manner in which the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) evaluates the performance of each segment and allocates the Company’s resources. The CODM does not evaluate the performance of the Company’s assets on a segment basis for internal management reporting and, therefore, such information is not presented. Contribution is used, in part, to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, each of the segments. A segment’s contribution is calculated as segment revenue less the related costs of revenue and sales and marketing expenses. It excludes certain operating expenses that are not allocated to segments because they are separately managed at the consolidated corporate level. These unallocated costs include stock-based compensation expense, research and development expenses, and general and administrative expenses. 18 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Financial information for each reportable segment was as follows (in thousands): The reconciliation of contribution to loss from operations is as follows (in thousands): (1) Excludes stock-based compensation expense. Geographic Information Revenue by geography is based on the customer’s headquarters or agency location at the time of sale. Revenue is as follows (in thousands, except percentages): (1) No other country represents 10% or more of total revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2021 or 2020. 19 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 14. Subsequent Events Amendment of the 2014 Credit Facility and Repayment of the Outstanding Revolving Term Loan On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the 2014 Credit Facility, which provides for an increase of $200.0 million to the revolving commitments of the existing lenders under the 2014 Credit Facility, for total revolving commitments of $400.0 million, and which also provides for an incremental loan facility of additional term loans or revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $100.0 million with one or more existing or new lenders upon mutual agreement between the Company and such lenders. Upon entering into the amendment, the Company repaid its outstanding term loans of $200.0 million and no amounts were outstanding under the 2014 Credit Facility. Investments On April 5, 2021, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Rotor Acquisition Corp. (“Rotor”) to purchase 2.1 million shares of Class A common stock of Rotor in a private placement for a total purchase price of $21.0 million. The closing of the private placement is contingent upon the completion of the proposed business combination between Rotor, Rotor Merger Sub Corp. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Rotor), and Sarcos Corp. (“Sarcos”). Additionally, concurrent with signing the subscription agreement, Sarcos and the Company entered into a six-year enterprise subscription contract to access the Company’s products and services. On May 1, 2021, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Montes Archimedes Acquisition Corp. (“Montes”) and Roivant Sciences Ltd. (“Roivant”) to purchase 3.0 million shares of Class A common stock of Montes in a private placement for a total purchase price of $30.0 million. The closing of the private placement is contingent upon the completion of the proposed business combination between Montes, Roivant, and other applicable parties. Additionally, concurrent with signing the subscription agreement, Roivant and the Company entered into a five-year enterprise subscription contract to access the Company’s products and services. On May 5, 2021, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with GX Acquisition Corp. (“GX”) to purchase 2.0 million shares of Class A common stock of GX in a private placement for a total purchase price of $20.0 million. The closing of the private placement is contingent upon the completion of the proposed business combination between GX, Celularity Inc. (“Celularity”), and other applicable parties. Additionally, concurrent with signing the subscription agreement, Celularity and the Company entered into a five-year enterprise subscription contract to access the Company’s products and services. On May 11, 2021, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with a special purpose acquisition company to purchase 2.0 million shares of its Class A common stock in a private placement for a total purchase price of $20.0 million. The closing of the private placement is contingent upon the completion of the proposed business combination between the special purpose acquisition company and a mobility company, and other applicable parties. Additionally, concurrent with signing the subscription agreement, the mobility company and the Company entered into a five-year enterprise subscription contract to access the Company’s products and services. 20 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “would,” “intend,” “target,” “goal,” “outlook,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 21 Table of Contents You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those described in the section titled “ Risk Factors ” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements. Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, restructurings, joint ventures, partnerships, channel sales relationships, or investments we may make. In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 22 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations, and beliefs, involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. You should review the section titled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for a discussion of forward-looking statements and the section titled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. Overview We founded the Company in 2003 to build software for use in counterterrorism operations. In 2008, we released our first platform, Palantir Gotham (“Gotham”), for customers in the intelligence sector. Gotham enables users to identify patterns hidden deep within datasets, ranging from signals intelligence sources to reports from confidential informants. Defense agencies in the United States then began using Gotham to investigate potential threats and to help protect soldiers from improvised explosive devices. Today, the platform is widely used by government agencies in the United States and its allies. Our software is on the front lines, sometimes literally, and that means so are we. We later began working with leading companies across industries, including companies in the energy, transportation, financial services, and healthcare sectors. In 2016, we released our second software platform, Palantir Foundry (“Foundry”), to address a common set of challenges that we saw at large companies. Foundry is becoming a central operating system not only for individual institutions but also for entire industries. In 2017, for example, our partnership with Airbus expanded into a platform for the aviation industry, and today connects data from more than one hundred airlines and 9,000 aircraft around the world. We believe that every large institution faces challenges that our platforms were designed to address. Our focus in the near term is to build partnerships with institutions that have the leadership necessary to effect structural change within their organizations — to reconstitute their operations around data. Over the long term, we believe that every large institution in the markets we serve is a potential partner. Our Business For the three months ended March 31, 2021, we generated $341.2 million in revenue, reflecting a 49% growth rate from the three months ended March 31, 2020, when we generated $229.3 million in revenue. Our operating results continued to improve when excluding stock-based compensation. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, we incurred losses from operations of $114.0 million, or income from operations of $116.6 million when excluding stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes. In the three months ended March 31, 2020, our losses from operations were $70.2 million, or $16.1 million when excluding stock-based compensation. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, our gross profit was $267.1 million, reflecting a gross margin of 78%, or 83% when excluding stock-based compensation. In the three months ended March 31, 2020, our gross profit was $165.0 million, reflecting a gross margin of 72%, or 75% when excluding stock-based compensation. For more information about our income or loss from operations, when excluding stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes; and gross profit and gross margin, when excluding stock-based compensation, as well as reconciliations from loss from operations and gross profit, see the section titled “ Non-GAAP Reconciliations ” below. 23 Table of Contents Our Customers We have updated our definition of a customer to be an organization from which we have recognized revenue during the trailing twelve month period to provide more meaningful period over period comparisons. During the period ended March 31, 2021, we had 149 customers, including leading companies in various commercial sectors as well as government agencies around the world. During the period ended March 31, 2020, we had 131 customers. For large government agencies, where a single institution has multiple divisions, units, or subsidiary agencies, each such division, unit, or subsidiary agency that enters into a separate contract with us and is invoiced as a separate entity is treated as a separate customer. For example, while the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and National Institutes of Health are subsidiary agencies of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, we treat each of those agencies as a separate customer given that the governing structures and procurement processes of each agency are independent. We have built lasting and significant customer relationships with some of the world’s leading government institutions and companies. Our average revenue per customer during the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2021 was $8.1 million, which grew 29% from $6.3 million per customer during the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2020. Our average revenue for the top twenty customers during the during the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2021 was $36.1 million, which grew 34% from an average of $27.0 million from the top twenty customers during the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2020. Large organizations in the commercial and government sectors face similar challenges when it comes to managing data, and we intend to expand our reach in both markets moving forward. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, commercial customers accounted for 39% of our revenue while government agencies accounted for 61%. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, we generated 58% of our revenue from customers in the United States and the remaining 42% from customers abroad. Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) Impact As a result of COVID-19, we have taken precautionary measures in order to minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, our customers, and the communities in which we operate, including the suspension of all non-essential business travel of employees and the temporary closure of all of our major offices. Although the majority of our workforce currently works remotely, there has been minimal disruption in our ability to ensure the effective operation of our software platforms. We expect to begin to open certain of our offices in a limited capacity over the remainder of the year, while closely monitoring the pandemic. The economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic have been challenging for certain of our customers and prospective customers. While the broader implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance remain uncertain, the COVID-19 pandemic has, to date, not had a material adverse impact on our results of operations. The economic effects of the pandemic and resulting societal changes are currently not predictable. The pandemic has made clear to many of our customers that accommodating the extended timelines ordinarily required to realize results from implementing new software solutions is not an option during a crisis. As a result, customers are increasingly adopting our software, which can be ready in days, over internal software development efforts, which may take months or years. We have seen a decrease in our travel and office-related expenditures, including temporary closures of our offices globally and reductions in related operating expenses, related to the ongoing pandemic. However, improvement of our contribution metric has also been driven by the expansion of existing customer accounts, improved sales efficiency, and the increasing deployment of centralized hosting and other software deployment infrastructure. While we expect our travel and office-related expenditures to increase moving forward, especially as we begin to open certain of our offices, we do not expect such expenditures to return to their pre-pandemic levels, given that we have made significant investments in enabling employees to work with customers remotely. See the section titled “ Risk Factors ” included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021, for further discussion of the possible impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Our Business Model Our customers pay us to use the software platforms we have built. Our business model with respect to acquiring and growing our accounts has three phases: (1) Acquire, (2) Expand, and (3) Scale. We categorize all customers into cohorts on December 31st each year. 24 Table of Contents Our decisions about which customer relationships require further investment may change over time, based on our assessment of the potential long-term value that our software can generate for them. As a result, customers may move back and forth through phases, as relationship needs and our assessment of the merits of further investment change. We enter into initial pilots with customers, generally at our own expense and without a guarantee of future returns, in order to access a unique set of opportunities that others may pass over for lack of resources and shorter investment horizons. Some customers may have a rapid Acquire phase followed by a long Expand phase. Others may skip the Expand phase altogether and move immediately into the Scale phase. We manage customers at the account level, not by industry or sector, so that we can optimize on the specific growth opportunities for each. In 2020, we generated a total of $1,092.7 million in revenue. Acquire phase customers cohorted as of December 31, 2020 generated $0.3 million in revenue in 2020. Expand phase customers cohorted as of December 31, 2020 generated $20.3 million in revenue in 2020. Scale phase customers cohorted as of December 31, 2020 generated $1,072.1 million in revenue in 2020. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, customers cohorted as of December 31, 2020 generated a total of $340.8 million in revenue. New customers acquired during the three months ended March 31, 2021 generated an additional $0.4 million in revenue and will be assigned a cohort as of December 31, 2021. A more detailed discussion of the three phases, for purposes of illustration of how we manage accounts across the business, follows below. Acquire We actively pursue discussions with existing and prospective customers in order to identify ways in which our software platforms can provide long-term value. In the first phase, we typically acquire new opportunities with minimal risk to our customers through short-term pilot deployments of our software platforms at no or low cost to them. We believe in proving the value of our platforms to our customers. During these short-term pilots, we operate the accounts at a loss. We believe that our investments during this phase will drive future revenue growth. We define a customer or potential customer as being in the Acquire phase if, as of the end of a calendar year, we have recognized less than $100,000 in revenue from the customer that respective year. Customers may make nominal payments in connection with the evaluation of our software that we do not consider material in evaluating the performance of our accounts. We evaluate the success of customer accounts in the Acquire phase based on the revenue such accounts generate in the following year. In 2020, we generated $0.3 million in revenue from customers in the Acquire phase, which yielded a contribution loss of $36.8 million. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, those same customers generated $3.6 million in revenue, which yielded a contribution loss of $4.3 million. Expand Our investment in this second phase is often significant as we seek to understand the principal challenges faced by our customers and ensure that our software delivers value and results. We define a customer in the Expand phase as any customer from which we have recognized more than $100,000 in revenue in a calendar year and whose account had a negative contribution margin during the year at issue, as determined as of the end of the year. In this phase, we operate at a loss, as measured by contribution margin, in order to drive future revenue growth and margin expansion. In 2020, we generated $20.3 million in revenue from customers that were in the Expand phase as of the end of that year, with a contribution margin of (159)%. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, those same customers generated $12.4 million in revenue with a contribution margin of 4%. 25 Table of Contents Scale As customer accounts mature, our investment costs relative to revenue generally decrease, while the value our software provides to our customer increases, often significantly, as usage of the platform increases across the customer’s operations. In this third phase, after having installed and configured the software across an entire enterprise, customers become more self-sufficient in their use of our platforms, including developing software and applications that run on top of our platforms, while still continuing to benefit from the support of our operations and maintenance (“O&M”) services. We define a customer in the Scale phase as any customer from which we recognized more than $100,000 in revenue in a calendar year and whose account had a positive contribution margin during the year at issue, as determined as of the end of the year. It is in the Scale phase of our partnerships with customers that we generally see contribution margin on particular accounts improve. In 2020, we generated $1,072.1 million in revenue from customers in the Scale phase, with a contribution margin of 63%. In the three months ended March 31, 2021, those same customers generated $324.8 million in revenue with a contribution margin of 66%. We believe that our customers will move into the Scale phase over the long term. We also believe that contribution margin for Scale phase accounts will increase further as we become more efficient at deploying our software platforms across the entirety of our customers’ operations and at managing and operating our software. Key Business Measure In addition to the measures presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the following key non-GAAP business measure to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Contribution Margin We believe that the revenue we generate relative to the costs we incur in order to generate such revenue is an important measure of the efficiency of our business. We define contribution margin as revenue less our cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, divided by revenue. At the end of each year, we categorize each customer account into one of the three phases based on its revenue and contribution margin for that year. Revenue is allocated to each customer account directly. The cost of revenue and sales and marketing costs include both the costs associated with the deployment and operation of our software as well as expenses associated with identifying new customers and expanding partnerships with existing ones. Our software engineers working with existing customers often manage the deployment and operation of our platforms as well as identify new ways that those platforms can be used. To calculate the contribution by customer, we allocate cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, to an account pro rata based on headcount and time spent on the account during the period. To the extent certain costs or personnel are not directly assigned to a specific account, they are allocated pro rata based on total headcount staffed during such period. Direct costs, such as third-party cloud hosting services, are directly allocated to the account to which they relate. Contribution margin, both across our business and on specific customer accounts, is intended to capture how much we have earned from customers after accounting for the costs associated with deploying and operating our software, as well as any sales and marketing expenses involved in acquiring and expanding our partnerships with those customers, including allocated overhead. We exclude stock-based compensation as it is a non-cash expense. We believe that our contribution margin across the business and on specific customer accounts provides an important measure of the efficiency of our operations over time. We have included contribution margin because it is a key measure used by our management to evaluate our performance, and we believe that it also provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team. Our calculation of contribution margin may differ from similarly titled measures, if any, reported by other companies. Contribution margin should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. For more information about contribution margin, including the limitations of this measure, and a reconciliation to loss from operations, see the section titled “ Non-GAAP Reconciliations ” below. 26 Table of Contents Non-GAAP Reconciliations We use the non-GAAP measures contribution margin; gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation; and income (loss) from operations, excluding stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We exclude stock-based compensation, which is a non-cash expense, from these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe that excluding this item provides meaningful supplemental information regarding operational performance and provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team. Additionally, we exclude employer payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation as it is difficult to predict and outside of our control. Our definitions may differ from the definitions used by other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition, other companies may not publish these or similar metrics. Further, these metrics have certain limitations, as they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. Thus, our non-GAAP contribution margin; gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation; and income (loss) from operations, excluding stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by providing reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures. We encourage investors and others to review our business, results of operations, and financial information in its entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure, and to view these non-GAAP measures in conjunction with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Contribution Margin The following table provides a reconciliation of contribution margin for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, except percentages): ———— (1) Excludes stock-based compensation. Gross Profit and Gross Margin, Excluding Stock-Based Compensation The following table provides a reconciliation of gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, except percentages): 27 Table of Contents Income (Loss) from Operations, Excluding Stock-Based Compensation and Related Employer Payroll Taxes The following table provides a reconciliation of income (loss) from operations, excluding stock-based compensation and related employer payroll taxes for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): Components of Results of Operations Revenue We generate revenue from the sale of subscriptions to access our software in our hosted environment with O&M services (“Palantir Cloud”), software subscriptions in our customers’ environments with ongoing O&M services (“On-Premises Software”), and professional services. Palantir Cloud Our Palantir Cloud subscriptions grant customers the right to access the software functionality in a hosted environment controlled by Palantir and are sold together with stand-ready O&M services, as further described below. We promise to provide continuous access to the hosted software throughout the contract term. Revenue associated with Palantir Cloud subscriptions is recognized over the contract term on a ratable basis, which is consistent with the transfer of control of the Palantir services to the customer. On-Premises Software Sales of our software subscriptions grant customers the right to use functional intellectual property, either on their internal hardware infrastructure or on their own cloud instance, over the contractual term and are also sold together with stand-ready O&M services. O&M services include critical updates and support and maintenance services required to operate the software and, as such, are necessary for the software to maintain its intended utility over the contractual term. Because of this requirement, we have concluded that the software subscriptions and O&M services, which together we refer to as our On-Premises Software, are highly interdependent and interrelated and represent a single distinct performance obligation within the context of the contract. Revenue is generally recognized over the contract term on a ratable basis. Professional Services Our professional services support the customers’ use of the software and include, as needed, on-demand user support, user-interface configuration, training, and ongoing ontology and data modeling support. Professional services contracts typically include the provision of on-demand professional services for the duration of the contractual term. These services are typically coterminous with a Palantir Cloud or On-Premises Software subscriptions. Professional services are on-demand, whereby we perform services throughout the contract period; therefore, the revenue is recognized over the contractual term. Cost of Revenue Cost of revenue primarily includes salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in performing O&M and professional services, as well as third-party cloud hosting services, allocated overhead, and other direct costs. We expect that cost of revenue will increase in absolute dollars as our revenue grows and will vary from period-to-period as a percentage of revenue. 28 Table of Contents Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing efforts span all stages of our sales cycle, including personnel engaging with or executing pilots at new or existing customers. Sales and marketing costs primarily include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for our sales force and personnel involved in executing on pilots and customer growth activities, as well as third-party cloud hosting services for our pilots, marketing and sales event-related costs, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing costs are generally expensed as incurred. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our potential and current customers, in growing our business, sales force, and enhancing our brand awareness. Research and Development Our research and development efforts are aimed at continuing to develop and refine our platforms, including adding new features and modules, increasing their functionality, and enhancing the usability of our platforms. Research and development costs primarily include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in performing the activities to develop and refine our platforms, internal use third-party cloud hosting services and other IT-related costs, and allocated overhead. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We plan to continue to invest in personnel to support our research and development efforts. As a result, we expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest to support these activities. General and Administrative General and administrative costs include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in our executive, finance, legal, human resources, and administrative functions, as well as third-party professional services and fees, and allocated overhead. We expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we hire additional personnel and enhance our systems, processes, and controls to support the growth in our business as well as our increased compliance and reporting requirements as a public company. Interest Income Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash balances. Interest Expense Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense and commitment fees incurred under our credit facilities. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign currency exchange gains and losses and our share of income and losses from our equity method investments. Change in Fair Value of Warrants The change in the fair value of warrants consists of the net changes in the fair value of our liability classified warrants to purchase redeemable convertible and convertible preferred stock that were remeasured at the end of each reporting period. During September 2020, in connection with the direct listing of our Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) (“Direct Listing”), all of the Company’s outstanding preferred stock warrants were converted into common stock warrants, which resulted in the reclassification of the warrants liability to additional paid-in capital. As such, we do not expect additional charges related to the fair value of these warrants. Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes consists of income taxes related to foreign and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business and withholding taxes. 29 Table of Contents Segments We have two operating segments, commercial and government, which were determined based on the manner in which the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), who is our chief executive officer, manages our operations for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating performance. Various factors, including our organizational and management reporting structure and customer type, were considered in determining these operating segments. Our operating segments are described below: Segment profitability is evaluated based on contribution and contribution margin. Contribution is segment revenue less the related costs of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense. Contribution margin is contribution divided by revenue. To the extent costs of revenue or sales and marketing expenses are not directly attributable to a particular segment, they are allocated based upon headcount at each operating segment during the period. We use it, in part, to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, each of our operating segments, which excludes certain operating expenses that are not allocated to operating segments because they are separately managed at the consolidated corporate level. These unallocated costs include stock-based compensation expense, research and development costs, and general and administrative costs, such as legal and accounting. Results of Operations The following table summarizes our condensed consolidated statements of operations data (in thousands): (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands): 30 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the components of our condensed consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of revenue: Comparison of the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 Revenue Revenue increased by $111.9 million, or 49%, for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. Revenue from government customers increased by $90.3 million, or 76%, for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020, primarily from customers in the United States. Of the increase, $90.1 million was from government customers existing as of December 31, 2020. Revenue from commercial customers increased by $21.6 million, or 19%, for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. The increase is primarily due to an increase of $19.2 million from customers existing as of December 31, 2020. Generally, increases in revenue from our existing customers are related to increased adoption of our products and services within their organizations. 31 Table of Contents Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit Cost of revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2021 increased by $9.8 million, or 15%, compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to increases in personnel costs of $6.0 million, which included an increase of $7.9 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s RSUs, which vested in connection with the Company’s Direct Listing; and $3.2 million in employer payroll taxes primarily related to income from share-based payments. These increases in personnel costs were partially offset by decreases in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs of $3.3 million as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel, and $1.8 million in payroll and payroll-related costs driven by a decrease of headcount attributable to cost of revenue functions. Additionally, there were increases of $6.5 million related to third-party cloud hosting services, and $2.7 million related to other direct deployment costs and increased usage of field service representatives. These increases to cost of revenue were offset by decreases of $3.7 million from office related expenses and other allocated costs, and $1.7 million related to reductions in hardware costs. Our gross margin for the three months ended March 31, 2021 increased by 6% compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. Gross margin increased primarily as a result of increased efficiencies in supporting revenue growth at our customer deployments, including investments in our platforms as well as reductions in hardware costs for customers. This was partly offset by increases in stock-based compensation expense and third-party cloud hosting services. For the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation, would have increased by 8% to 83%. Operating Expenses Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses increased by $37.4 million, or 38%, for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. The increase was primarily driven by increases in personnel costs of $44.7 million, which included an increase of $38.8 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s RSUs and growth units, which vested in connection with the Company’s Direct Listing; $11.9 million in employer payroll taxes primarily related to income from share-based payments; and $2.8 million in payroll due to an increase in headcount attributable to our sales and marketing functions. These increases in personnel costs were partially offset by a decrease of $7.2 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel, and $1.6 million from other payroll-related costs. Additionally, there was an increase of $1.3 million in third-party cloud based hosting services; offset by decreases of $6.3 million from office related expenses and other allocated costs, and $2.3 million in marketing costs. 32 Table of Contents Research and Development Research and development expenses increased by $32.7 million, or 50%, for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. The increase was primarily driven by increases in personnel costs of $34.6 million, which included an increase of $22.8 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s RSUs, which vested in connection with the Company’s Direct Listing; $11.2 million related to increase in payroll taxes primarily related to income from share-based payments; and $3.9 million in payroll related to an increase in headcount attributable to our research and development functions. These increases in personnel costs were partially offset by a decrease of $2.2 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel, and $1.2 million from other payroll-related costs. Additionally, there was an increase of $2.3 million in third-party cloud hosting services and other IT; offset by decreases of $4.2 million from office related expenses and other allocated costs. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses increased by $75.8 million, or 107%, for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. The increase was primarily driven by increases in personnel costs of $79.1 million, which included an increase of $70.1 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s RSUs and growth units, which vested in connection with the Company’s Direct Listing; $9.3 million related to increase in payroll taxes primarily related to income from share-based payments; and $1.7 million in other payroll-related costs. These increases in personnel costs were partially offset by a decrease of $1.9 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel, payroll related to a decrease in headcount attributable to our general and administrative functions. Additionally, there was a decrease of $3.3 million from office related expenses and other allocated costs. Interest Income Interest income decreased by $2.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020 primarily due to a reduction in U.S. interest rates on interest earned from our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. Interest Expense Interest expense decreased by $2.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a lower debt balance during the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. Change in Fair Value of Warrants During the three months ended March 31, 2020, the $13.7 million gain from the change in fair value of warrants was primarily driven by the decrease in the fair value of our stock during the period. During the three months ended March 31, 2021, there were no outstanding liability classified warrants. 33 Table of Contents Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net changed by $11.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020 primarily due to changes in net realized and unrealized gains from foreign exchange transactions. Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income tax increased by $0.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2020. The change was primarily due to increases in profits from the Company’s international operations partially offset by decreases in foreign withholding taxes. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since our inception, we have primarily generated negative cash flows from operations and have financed our operations primarily through the sale of our equity securities, including proceeds from option exercises, and payments received from our customers. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months, as well as our short-term and long-term contractual obligations and commitments primarily consisting of operating lease commitments and non-cancelable purchase commitments related to third-party cloud hosting services. As of March 31, 2021, our accumulated deficit balance was $5.1 billion, and our principal sources of liquidity were $2.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents, exclusive of additional restricted cash of $109.0 million. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on deposit with banks as well as institutional money market funds. Restricted cash primarily consists of cash and certificates of deposit that are held as collateral against letters of credit and guarantees we are required to maintain for various purposes. As of March 31, 2021, we had $200.0 million of term loans outstanding under the 2014 Credit Facility and had additional $200.0 million revolving credit facility available and undrawn. For more information, see the section titled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Credit Facilities. ” Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to the rate of our growth, our ability to attract and retain customers and their willingness and ability to pay for our products and services, and the timing and extent of spending to support our efforts to market and develop our products. Further, we may enter into future arrangements to acquire or invest in businesses, products, services, strategic partnerships, and technologies. As such, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If additional funds are not available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 34 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was $116.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021. The factors affecting our operating cash flows during this period were our net loss of $123.5 million, offset by non-cash charges of $204.2 million and changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $36.1 million. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of $193.7 million in stock-based compensation expense, $6.5 million in operating lease expense, and $3.2 million of depreciation and amortization. The net change in operating assets and liabilities were due to an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $44.5 million due to timing of expense payments, and a net increase of $8.9 million in deferred revenue and customer deposits due to increases in customer billings, partially offset by a net increase in assets of $10.1 million. Net cash used in operating activities was $287.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020. The factors affecting our operating cash flows during this period were our net loss of $54.3 million, offset by non-cash charges of $54.8 million and changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $287.7 million. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of $54.1 million in stock-based compensation expense, $10.2 million in operating lease expense, and $3.7 million of depreciation and amortization, partially offset by a $13.7 million reduction in the fair value of warrant liabilities. The net change in operating assets and liabilities were due to a net decrease of $123.5 million in deferred revenue and customer deposits due to increases in revenue recognized from amounts billed and collected in prior periods, a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $80.2 million, and an increase in assets of $67.8 million primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was $0.7 million and $3.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, which consisted of purchases of property and equipment. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was $206.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021, which primarily consisted of $208.9 million of proceeds from the exercise of common stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities was $2.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020, which primarily consisted of $6.7 million of proceeds from exercise of common stock options, offset by $3.8 million net cash used for repurchases of common stock. Credit Facilities 2014 Credit Facility In October 2014, we entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility which has been subsequently amended (the “2014 Credit Facility”). The 2014 Credit Facility bears interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus a margin of 2.75% per annum, subject to certain adjustments, and incurs a commitment fee of 0.375% assessed on the daily average undrawn portion of revolving commitments. The 2014 Credit Facility is secured with substantially all of our assets. As of March 31, 2021, we had $200.0 million of term loans outstanding under the 2014 Credit Facility and an additional $200.0 million undrawn revolving credit facility available. During April 2021, we amended the credit facility to increase the total undrawn revolving credit facility to be $400.0 million and which also provides for an incremental loan facility of additional term loans or revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $100.0 million with one or more existing or new lenders upon mutual agreement between the Company and such lenders. Upon amending the facility, we repaid the outstanding $200.0 million term loan. 35 Table of Contents Contractual Obligations and Commitments Our contractual obligations and commitments primarily consist of operating lease commitments for our facilities and non-cancelable purchase commitments related to third-party cloud hosting services. For additional information, refer to Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There has been no material change in our contractual obligations and commitments other than in the ordinary course of business since our fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021, for additional information regarding the Company’s contractual obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have, during the periods presented, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates discussed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 36 Table of Contents We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, which primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange, and inflation. Interest Rate Risk Our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash consist of cash, certificates of deposit, and money market funds. Our investment policy and strategy are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements. We have not entered into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the short-term nature of the financial instruments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. As of March 31, 2021, we had $200.0 million in variable rate term loans outstanding that were repaid during April 2021. An immediate 10% change in LIBOR would not have a material impact on our debt-related obligations, financial position, or results of operations. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk Our contracts with customers are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, with a small amount denominated in foreign currencies. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations, which are primarily in the United States, United Kingdom, and other European countries. Our results of current and future operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro and GBP. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our statement of operations. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our condensed consolidated financial statements, and we have not engaged in any foreign currency hedging transactions. Inflation Risk We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 37 Table of Contents Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were, in design and operation, effective at a reasonable assurance level. Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 38 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible losses will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. The results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable resolution in any legal proceedings could materially affect our future business, results of operations, or financial condition. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. For information on legal proceedings, refer to Note 8 . Commitments and Contingencies—Litigation and Legal Proceedings in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our Class A common stock. These risks are described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: 39 Table of Contents 40 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have incurred losses each year since our inception, we expect our operating expenses to increase, and we may not become profitable in the future. We have incurred losses each year since our inception as reflected in our condensed consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this filing, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. In addition, our operating expenses have increased over time. As we continue to expand our business, industry verticals, and the breadth of our operations, upgrade our infrastructure, hire additional employees, expand into new markets, invest in research and development, invest in sales and marketing, including expanding our sales organization and related sales-based payments that may come with such expansion, lease more real estate to accommodate our anticipated future growth, and incur costs associated with general administration, including expenses related to being a public company, we expect that our costs of revenue and operating expenses will continue to increase. To the extent we are successful in increasing our customer base, we may also incur increased losses because the costs associated with acquiring and growing our customers via our Acquire, Expand, and Scale business model and with research and development are generally incurred upfront, while our revenue from customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. Furthermore, our sales model often requires us to spend months and invest significant resources working with customers on pilot deployments at no or low cost to them, which may result in no or minimal future revenue. We may not be able to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset increases in our costs of revenue and operating expenses in the near term or at all, which would prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability in the future. Any failure by us to achieve, and then sustain or increase, profitability on a consistent basis could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. Although our revenue has increased in recent periods, there can be no assurances that revenue will continue to grow or do so at current rates, and you should not rely on the revenue of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate may decline in future periods. Many factors may contribute to declines in our revenue growth rate, including increased competition, slowing demand for our platforms from existing and new customers, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, terminations of existing contracts or failure to exercise existing options by our customers, and the maturation of our business, among others. If our revenue growth rate declines, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable. Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organizational needs of our potential customers and educating these potential customers about the technical capabilities and value of our platforms and services. We often also provide our platforms to potential customers at no or low cost initially to them for evaluation purposes through short-term pilot deployments of our platforms in the Acquire phase of our business model, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to move customers from the Acquire phase into later phases. In addition, we currently have a limited direct sales force, and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant involvement of our senior management team. The length of our sales cycle, from initial demonstration of our platforms to sale of our platforms and services, tends to be long and varies substantially from customer to customer. Our sales cycle often lasts six to nine months but can extend to a year or more for some customers. Because decisions to purchase our platforms involve significant financial commitments, potential customers generally evaluate our platforms at multiple levels within their organization, each of which often have specific requirements, and typically involve their senior management. Our results of operations depend on sales to enterprise customers, which make product purchasing decisions based in part or entirely on factors, or perceived factors, not directly related to the features of the platforms, including, among others, that customer’s projections of business growth, uncertainty about economic conditions (including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), capital budgets, anticipated cost savings from the implementation of our platforms, potential preference for such customer’s internally-developed software solutions, perceptions about our business and platforms, more favorable terms offered by potential competitors, and previous technology investments. In addition, certain decision makers and other stakeholders within our potential customers tend to have vested interests in the continued use of internally developed or existing software, which may make it more difficult for us to sell our platforms and services. As a result of these and other factors, our sales efforts typically require an extensive effort throughout a customer’s organization, a significant investment of human resources, expense and time, including by our senior management, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in making a sale to a potential customer. If our sales efforts to a potential customer do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Historically, existing customers have expanded their relationships with us, which has resulted in a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenue. If existing customers do not make subsequent purchases from us or renew their contracts with us, or if our relationships with our largest customers are impaired or terminated, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations would be adversely impacted. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from existing customers that expand their relationships with us. Increasing the size and number of the deployments of our existing customers is a major part of our growth strategy. We may not be effective in executing this or any other aspect of our growth strategy. 41 Table of Contents Our top three customers together accounted for 25% and 28% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and 20% and 31% of our revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our top three customers by revenue, for the three months ended March 31, 2021, have been with us for an average of 4 years as of March 31, 2021. Certain of our customers, including customers that represent a significant portion of our business, have in the past reduced their spend with us or terminated their agreements with us, which has reduced our anticipated future payments or revenue from these customers, and which has required us to refund some previously paid amounts to these customers. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our larger customers for our platforms and applications. While we generally offer contract terms up to five years in length, our customers sometimes enter into shorter-term contracts, such as one-year subscriptions, which may not provide for automatic renewal and may require the customer to opt-in to extend the term. Our customers have no obligation to renew, upgrade, or expand their agreements with us after the terms of their existing agreements have expired. In addition, many of our customer contracts permit the customer to terminate their contracts with us with notice periods of varying lengths, generally three to six months. If one or more of our customers terminate their contracts with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, or for other reasons specified in our contracts, as applicable; if our customers elect not to renew their contracts with us; if our customers renew their contractual arrangements with us for shorter contract lengths or for a reduced scope; or if our customers otherwise seek to renegotiate terms of their existing agreements on terms less favorable to us, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. This adverse impact would be even more pronounced for customers that represent a material portion of our revenue or business operations. Our ability to renew or expand our customer relationships may decrease or vary as a result of a number of factors, including our customers’ satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our platforms and services, the frequency and severity of software and implementation errors, our platforms’ reliability, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our customers’ spending levels. If our customers do not renew or expand their agreements with us or if they renew their contracts for shorter lengths or on other terms less favorable to us, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our business could suffer. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our customers or if we are required to refund customer deposits. Achieving renewal or expansion of deployments may require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. In addition, our customers’ decisions to expand the deployment of our platforms depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the functioning of our platforms, the ability of our forward-deployed engineers to assist our customers in identifying new use cases, modernizing their data architectures, and achieving success with data-driven initiatives, and our customers’ satisfaction with our services. If our efforts to expand within our existing customer base are not successful, our business may suffer. We may not realize the full deal value of our customer contracts, which may result in lower than expected revenue. As of December 31, 2020, the total remaining deal value of the contracts that we had been awarded by, or entered into with, commercial and government customers, including existing contractual obligations and contractual options available to those customers, was $2.8 billion. Of our total remaining deal value, as of December 31, 2020, $1.5 billion was the remaining deal value of our contracts with commercial customers and $1.3 billion was the remaining deal value of our contracts with government customers. The majority of these contracts are subject to termination for convenience provisions. Additionally, the U.S. federal government is prohibited from exercising contract options more than one year in advance. As a result, there can be no guarantee that our customer contracts will not be terminated or that contract options will be exercised. We historically have not realized all of the revenue from the full deal value of our customer contracts, and we may not do so in the future. This is because the actual timing and amount of revenue under contracts included are subject to various contingencies, including exercise of contractual options, customers not terminating their contracts, and renegotiation of contracts. In addition, delays in the completion of the U.S. government’s budgeting process, the use of continuing resolutions, and a potential lapse in appropriations, or similar events in other jurisdictions, could adversely affect our ability to timely recognize revenue under certain government contracts. Our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis in future periods and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. Our quarterly results of operations, including cash flows, have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 42 Table of Contents Our quarterly results, financial position, and operations are likely to fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Fluctuation in quarterly results may negatively impact the value of our Class A common stock. We typically close a large portion of our sales in the last several weeks of a quarter, which impacts our ability to plan and manage margins and cash flows. Our sales cycle is often long, and it is difficult to predict exactly when, or if, we will actually make a sale with a potential customer or when we will be able to move them to the Expand or Scale phases. As a result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large sales transactions in a quarter would impact our results of operations and cash flow for that quarter and any future quarters in which revenue from that transaction is lost or delayed. In addition, downturns in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our revenue because we generally recognize revenue over the term of our contracts. The timing of customer billing and payment varies from contract to contract. A delay in the timing of receipt of such collections, or a default on a large contract, may negatively impact our liquidity for the period and in the future. Because a substantial portion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term and require time to adjust, our results of operations and liquidity would suffer if revenue falls below our expectations in a particular period. Other factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and financial position include, without limitation, those listed below: 43 Table of Contents In addition, our contracts generally contain termination for convenience provisions, and we may be obligated to repay prepaid amounts or otherwise not realize anticipated future revenue should we fail to provide future services as anticipated. These factors make it difficult for us to accurately predict financial metrics for any particular period. The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other key metrics for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and position. Historically, the first quarter of our year generally has relatively lower sales, and sales generally increase in each subsequent quarter with substantial increases during our third and fourth quarters ending September 30 and December 31, respectively. We believe that this seasonality results from a number of factors, including: This seasonality has historically impacted and may in the future continue to impact the timing of collections and recognized revenue. Because a significant portion of our customer contracts are typically finalized near the end of the year, and we typically invoice customers shortly after entering into a contract, we receive a significant portion of our customer payments near the end of the year and record an increase in contract liabilities, while the revenue from our customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. While we have historically billed and collected payments for multiple contract years from certain customers in advance, we have and may continue to shift to collecting payments on an annual or other basis. While this has been the historical seasonal pattern of our quarterly sales, we believe that our customers’ required timing for certain new government or commercial programs requiring new software may outweigh the nature or magnitude of seasonal factors that might have influenced our business to date. As a result, we may experience future growth from additional government or commercial mandates that do not follow the seasonal purchasing and evaluation decisions by our customers that we have historically observed. For example, increased government spending on technology aimed at national defense, financial or policy regulation, cybersecurity, or healthcare mandates may drive customer demand at different times throughout our year, the timing of which we may not be able to anticipate and may cause fluctuations in our results of operations. The timing of our fiscal quarters and the U.S. federal government’s September 30 fiscal year end also may impact sales to governmental agencies in the third quarter of our year, offsetting, at least in part, the otherwise seasonal downturn we have historically observed in later summer months. 44 Table of Contents Our rapid growth in recent years may obscure the extent to which seasonality trends have affected our business and may continue to affect our business. We expect that seasonality will continue to materially impact our business in the future and may become more pronounced over time. The seasonality of our business may cause continued or increased fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows, which may prevent us from achieving our quarterly or annual forecasts or meeting or exceeding the expectations of research analysts or investors, which in turn may cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. Our platforms are complex and may have a lengthy implementation process, and any failure of our platforms to satisfy our customers or perform as desired could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our platforms and services are complex and are deployed in a wide variety of network environments. Implementing our platforms can be a complex and lengthy process since we often configure our existing platforms for a customer’s unique environment. Inability to meet the unique needs of our customers may result in customer dissatisfaction and/or damage to our reputation, which could materially harm our business. Further, the proper use of our platforms may require training of the customer and the initial or ongoing services of our technical personnel as well as O&M services over the contract term. If training and/or ongoing services require more of our expenditures than we originally estimated, our margins will be lower than projected. In addition, if our customers do not use our platforms correctly or as intended, inadequate performance or outcomes may result. It is possible that our platforms may also be intentionally misused or abused by customers or their employees or third parties who obtain access and use of our platforms. Similarly, our platforms sometimes used by customers with smaller or less sophisticated IT departments, potentially resulting in sub-optimal performance at a level lower than anticipated by the customer. Because our customers rely on our platforms and services to address important business goals and challenges, the incorrect or improper use or configuration of our platforms and O&M services, failure to properly train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our platforms, or failure to properly provide implementation or analytical or maintenance services to our customers may result in contract terminations or non-renewals, reduced customer payments, negative publicity, or legal claims against us. For example, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services may result in lost opportunities for follow-on expansion sales of our platforms and services. Furthermore, if customer personnel are not well trained in the use of our platforms, customers may defer the deployment of our platforms and services, may deploy them in a more limited manner than originally anticipated, or may not deploy them at all. If there is substantial turnover of the Company or customer personnel responsible for procurement and use of our platforms, our platforms may go unused or be adopted less broadly, and our ability to make additional sales may be substantially limited, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and growth prospects. If we do not successfully develop and deploy new technologies to address the needs of our customers, our business and results of operations could suffer. Our success has been based on our ability to design software and products that enable the integration of data into a common operating environment to facilitate advanced data analysis, knowledge management, and collaboration. We spend substantial amounts of time and money researching and developing new technologies and enhanced versions of existing features to meet our customers’ and potential customers’ rapidly evolving needs. There is no assurance that our enhancements to our platforms or our new product features, capabilities, or offerings, including new product modules, will be compelling to our customers or gain market acceptance. If our research and development investments do not accurately anticipate customer demand or if we fail to develop our platforms in a manner that satisfies customer preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing customers or increase demand for our platforms. The introduction of new products and services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings could make our platforms obsolete or adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing that delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new platforms, features, or capabilities. We have in the past experienced delays in our internally planned release dates of new features and capabilities, and there can be no assurance that new platforms, features, or capabilities will be released according to schedule. Any delays could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or claims by customers brought against us, any of which could harm our business. Moreover, the design and development of new platforms or new features and capabilities to our existing platforms may require substantial investment, and we have no assurance that such investments will be successful. If customers do not widely adopt our new platforms, experiences, features, and capabilities, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our new and existing platforms and changes to our existing platforms could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: 45 Table of Contents If we are not able to continue to identify challenges faced by our customers and develop, license, or acquire new features and capabilities to our platforms in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if such enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may suffer and our anticipated revenue growth may not be achieved. Because we derive, and expect to continue to derive, substantially all of our revenue from customers purchasing our two platforms Gotham and Foundry, market acceptance of these platforms, and any enhancements or changes thereto, is critical to our success. The competitive position of our platforms depends in part on their ability to operate with third-party products and services, and if we are not successful in maintaining and expanding the compatibility of our platforms with such third-party products and services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. The competitive position of our platforms depends in part on their ability to operate with products and services of third parties, software services, and infrastructure, including but not limited to, in connection with our joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, strategic alliances, and other similar arrangements where applicable. As such, we must continuously modify and enhance our platforms to adapt to changes in, or to be integrated or otherwise compatible with, hardware, software, networking, browser, and database technologies. In the future, one or more technology companies may choose not to support the operation of their hardware, software, or infrastructure, or our platforms may not support the capabilities needed to operate with such hardware, software, or infrastructure. In addition, to the extent that a third-party were to develop software or services that compete with ours, that provider may choose not to support one or more of our platforms. We intend to facilitate the compatibility of our platforms with various third-party hardware, software, and infrastructure by maintaining and expanding our business and technical relationships. If we are not successful in achieving this goal, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 46 Table of Contents If we fail to manage future growth effectively, our business could be harmed. Since our founding in 2003, we have experienced rapid growth. We operate in a growing market and have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant expansion of our operations. This growth has placed, and may continue to place, a strain on our employees, management systems, operational, financial, and other resources. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed larger and more complex deployments of our platforms and services with a broader base of government and commercial customers. As we continue to grow, we face challenges of integrating, developing, retaining, and motivating a rapidly growing employee base in various countries around the world. For example, our headcount has grown from 313 full- time employees as of December 31, 2010 to 2,492 full-time employees as of March 31, 2021, with employees located both in the United States and outside the United States. In the event of continued growth of our operations, our operational resources, including our information technology systems, our employee base, or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations and deployments. Managing our growth may require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources, improving our operational, financial, and management processes and systems, and effectively expanding, training, and managing our employee base. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. As our organization continues to grow, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our traditional company culture, including our ability to quickly respond to customers, and avoid unnecessary delays that may be associated with a formal corporate structure. This could negatively affect our business performance or ability to hire or retain personnel in the near- or long-term. In addition, our rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth. We have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with global operations in rapidly changing industries. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. If we are unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management, including Alexander Karp, one of our founders and our Chief Executive Officer, and deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand around the world, our business could suffer. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive technology industry depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified personnel. We are highly dependent on the continued contributions and customer relationships of our management and particularly on the services of Alexander Karp, our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Karp was part of our founding team and has been integral to our growth since our founding. We believe that Mr. Karp’s management experience would be difficult to replace. All of our executive officers and key personnel are at-will employees and may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. The loss of the services of our key personnel and any of our other executive officers, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in a decline in sales, delays in product development, and harm to our business and operations. At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining personnel with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all. Potential candidates may not perceive our compensation package, including our equity awards, as favorably as personnel hired prior to our listing. In addition, our recruiting personnel, methodology, and approach may need to be altered to address a changing candidate pool and profile. We may not be able to identify or implement such changes in a timely manner. In addition, we may incur significant costs to attract and recruit skilled personnel, and we may lose new personnel to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those geographic areas, but it may be challenging for us to compete with traditional local employers in these regions for talent. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements on a timely basis or at all, our business may be harmed. In addition, certain personnel may be required to receive various security clearances and substantial training in order to work on certain customer engagements or to perform certain tasks. Necessary security clearances may be delayed or unsuccessful, which may negatively impact our ability to perform on our U.S. and non-U.S. government contracts in a timely manner or at all. Our success depends on our ability to effectively source and staff people with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our customers, including our ability to transition personnel to new assignments on a timely basis. If we are unable to effectively utilize our personnel on a timely basis to fulfill the needs of our customers, our business could suffer. Further, if we are not able to utilize the talent we need because of increased regulation of immigration or work visas, including limitations placed on the number of visas granted, limitations on the type of work performed or location in which the work can be performed, and new or higher minimum salary requirements, it could be more difficult to staff our personnel on customer engagements and could increase our costs. We face intense competition for qualified personnel, especially engineering personnel, in major U.S. markets, where a large portion of our personnel are based, as well as in other non-U.S. markets where we expect to expand our non-U.S. operations. We incur costs related to attracting, relocating, and retaining qualified personnel in these highly competitive markets, including leasing real estate in prime areas in these locations. Further, many of the companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater resources than we have. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or if the mix of equity and cash compensation that we offer is less attractive than that of our competitors, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel. Additionally, laws and regulations, such as restrictive immigration laws, may limit our ability to recruit outside of the United States. We seek to retain and motivate existing personnel through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. If we fail to attract new personnel or to retain our current personnel, our business and operations could be harmed. 47 Table of Contents Volatility or lack of appreciation in the trading price of our Class A common stock may also affect our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Many of our senior personnel and other key personnel hold equity awards that vested or became exercisable in connection with our listing, which could adversely affect our ability to retain these personnel. Personnel may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested options or RSUs have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase price of the shares or the exercise price of the options, or conversely, if the exercise price of the options that they hold are significantly above the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, many of our personnel may be able to receive significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. Any of these factors could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to successfully build, expand, and deploy our marketing and sales organization in a timely manner, or at all, or to successfully hire, retain, train, and motivate our sales personnel, our growth and long-term success could be adversely impacted. We have a growing but limited direct sales force and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant direct involvement of our senior management team, including Mr. Karp. The successful execution of our strategy to increase our sales to existing customers, identify and engage new customers, and enter new U.S. and non-U.S. markets will depend, among other things, on our ability to successfully build and expand our sales organization and operations. Identifying, recruiting, training, and managing sales personnel requires significant time, expense, and attention, including from our senior management and other key personnel, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations in the short and long term. In order to successfully scale our unique sales model, we must, and we intend to continue to, increase the size of our direct sales force, both in the United States and outside of the United States, to generate additional revenue from new and existing customers while preserving the cultural and mission-oriented elements of our company. If we do not hire a sufficient number of qualified sales personnel, our future revenue growth and business could be adversely impacted. It may take a significant period of time before our sales personnel are fully trained and productive, particularly in light of our unique sales model, and there is no guarantee we will be successful in adequately training and effectively deploying our sales personnel. In addition, we have invested, and may need to continue investing, significant resources in our sales operations to enable our sales organization to run effectively and efficiently, including supporting sales strategy planning, sales process optimization, data analytics and reporting, and administering incentive compensation arrangements. Furthermore, hiring personnel in new countries requires additional setup and upfront costs that we may not recover if those personnel fail to achieve full productivity in a timely manner. Our business would be adversely affected if our efforts to build, expand, train, and manage our sales organization are not successful. We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels, and other internal and external considerations. Any future sales organization changes may result in a temporary reduction of productivity, which could negatively affect our rate of growth. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure and implement the compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive or may not be effective and may affect our revenue growth. If we are unable to attract, hire, develop, retain, and motivate qualified sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve sufficient sales productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or at all, if our marketing programs are not effective or if we are unable to effectively build, expand, and manage our sales organization and operations, our sales and revenue may grow more slowly than expected or materially decline, and our business may be significantly harmed. Our ability to sell our platforms and satisfy our customers is dependent on the quality of our services, and our failure to offer high quality services could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Once our platforms are deployed and integrated with our customers’ existing information technology investments and data, our customers depend on our O&M services to resolve any issues relating to our platforms. Increasingly, our platforms have been deployed in large-scale, complex technology environments, and we believe our future success will depend on our ability to increase sales of our platforms for use in such deployments. Further, our ability to provide effective ongoing services, or to provide such services in a timely, efficient, or scalable manner, may depend in part on our customers’ environments and their upgrading to the latest versions of our platforms and participating in our centralized platform management and services. 48 Table of Contents In addition, our ability to provide effective services is largely dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel with experience in supporting customers on platforms such as ours. The number of our customers has grown significantly, and that growth has and may continue to put additional pressure on our services teams. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for our O&M services. We also may be unable to modify the future scope and delivery of our O&M services to compete with changes in the services provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and expand outside of the United States, we need to be able to provide efficient services that meet our customers’ needs globally at scale, and our services teams may face additional challenges, including those associated with operating the platforms and delivering support, training, and documentation in languages other than English and providing services across expanded time-zones. If we are unable to provide efficient O&M services globally at scale, our ability to grow our operations may be harmed, and we may need to hire additional services personnel, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our customers typically need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our platforms to maximize the potential of our platforms. If we do not effectively deploy, update, or upgrade our platforms, succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, and provide effective ongoing services, our ability to sell additional products and services to existing customers could be adversely affected, we may face negative publicity, and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Many enterprise and government customers require higher levels of services than smaller customers. If we fail to meet the requirements of the larger customers, it may be more difficult to execute on our strategy to increase our penetration with larger customers. As a result, our failure to maintain high quality services may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our relationships with our customers, partners, and employees may be harmed, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand identity and reputation is important to our relationships with, and to our ability to attract and retain customers, partners, investors, and employees. The successful promotion of our brand depends upon our ability to continue to offer high-quality software, maintain strong relationships with our customers, the community, and others, while successfully differentiating our platforms from those of our competitors. Unfavorable media coverage may adversely affect our brand and reputation. We anticipate that as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand identity and reputation, we may fail to attract and retain employees, customers, investors, or partners, grow our business, or sustain pricing power, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Additionally, despite our internal safeguards and efforts to the contrary, we cannot guarantee that our customers will not ultimately use our platforms for purposes inconsistent with our company values, and such uses may harm our brand and reputation. Our reputation and business may be harmed by news or social media coverage of Palantir, including but not limited to coverage that presents, or relies on, inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or otherwise damaging information. Publicly available information regarding Palantir has historically been limited, in part due to the sensitivity of our work with customers or contractual requirements limiting or preventing public disclosure of certain aspects of our work or relationships with certain customers. As our business has grown and as interest in Palantir and the technology industry overall has increased, we have attracted, and may continue to attract, significant attention from news and social media outlets, including unfavorable coverage and coverage that is not directly attributable to statements authorized by our leadership, that incorrectly reports on statements made by our leadership or employees and the nature of our work, perpetuates unfounded speculation about company involvements, or that is otherwise misleading. If such news or social media coverage presents, or relies on, inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or otherwise damaging information regarding Palantir, such coverage could damage our reputation in the industry and with current and potential customers, employees, and investors, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be adversely affected. Due to the sensitive nature of our work and our confidentiality obligations and despite our ongoing efforts to provide increased transparency into our business, operations, and product capabilities, we may be unable to or limited in our ability to respond to such harmful coverage, which could have a negative impact on our business. Our relationships with government customers and customers that are engaged in certain sensitive industries, including organizations whose products or activities are or are perceived to be harmful, has resulted in public criticism, including from political and social activists, and unfavorable coverage in the media. Activists have also engaged in public protests at our properties. Activist criticism of our relationships with customers could potentially engender dissatisfaction among potential and existing customers, investors, and employees with how we address political and social concerns in our business activities. Conversely, being perceived as yielding to activism targeted at certain customers could damage our relationships with certain customers, including governments and government agencies with which we do business, whose views may or may not be aligned with those of political and social activists. Actions we take in response to the activities of our customers, up to and including terminating our contracts or refusing a particular product use case could harm our brand and reputation. In either case, the resulting harm to our reputation could: 49 Table of Contents Any of these factors could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Because we recognize a substantial portion of our revenue from our platforms and O&M services over the contractual term, downturns or upturns in new sales and renewals may not be immediately reflected in our results of operations. We generally recognize revenue from our platforms and O&M services over the contractual term. As a result, a portion of the revenue we recognize in each quarter is derived from customer contracts generally entered into during previous periods. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed contracts in any single quarter may have an immaterial impact on the revenue that we recognize for that quarter. However, such a decline would negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales or renewals, significant customer terminations, and potential changes in our contracting terms and pricing policies would not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. The timing of our revenue recognition model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any given period, as revenue is generally recognized over the applicable contractual term. Our pricing structures for our platforms and services may change from time to time. We expect that we may change our pricing model from time to time, including as a result of competition, global economic conditions, general reductions in our customers’ spending levels, pricing studies, or changes in how our platforms are broadly consumed. Similarly, as we introduce new products and services, or as a result of the evolution of our existing platforms and services, we may have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our products and services. In addition, as new and existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, or revise their pricing structures, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, as we continue to target selling our platforms and services to larger organizations, these larger organizations may demand substantial price concessions. In addition, we may need to change pricing policies to accommodate government pricing guidelines for our contracts with federal, state, local, and foreign governments and government agencies. If we are unable to modify or develop pricing models and strategies that are attractive to existing and prospective customers, while enabling us to significantly grow our sales and revenue relative to our associated costs and expenses in a reasonable period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If our customers are not able or willing to accept our product-based business model, instead of a labor-based business model, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Our platforms are generally offered on a productized basis to minimize our customers’ overall cost of acquisition, maintenance, and deployment time of our platforms. Many of our customers and potential customers are instead generally familiar with the practice of purchasing or licensing software through labor contracts, where custom software is written for specific applications, the intellectual property in such software is often owned by the customer, and the software typically requires additional labor contracts for modifications, updates, and services during the life of that specific software. Customers may be unable or unwilling to accept our model of commercial software procurement. Should our customers be unable or unwilling to accept this model of commercial software procurement, our growth could be materially diminished, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 50 Table of Contents We have entered into, and expect in the future to enter into, agreements with our customers that include exclusivity arrangements or unique contractual or pricing terms, which may result in significant risks or liabilities to us. Our contracts with our customers are typically non-exclusive, but we have historically entered into arrangements with our customers and our partners that include exclusivity provisions, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. These exclusivity provisions limit our ability to license our platforms and provide services to specific customers, or to compete in certain geographic markets and industries, which may limit our growth and negatively impact our results. In addition, we have entered into joint ventures and strategic alliances with our customers, as described below, which also limit our ability to compete in certain geographic markets or industry verticals. Historically, we have in limited circumstances entered into unique contractual and pricing arrangements with our customers, including some that may be outside of our typical scope of business, including arrangements relating to non-cash items. We face intense competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. The markets for our platforms are very competitive, and we expect such competition to continue or increase in the future. A significant number of companies are developing products that currently, or in the future may, compete with some or all aspects of our proprietary platforms. We may not be successful in convincing the management teams of our potential customers to deploy our platforms in lieu of existing software solutions or in-house software development projects often favored by internal IT departments or other competitive products and services. In addition, our competitors include large enterprise software companies, government contractors, and system integrators, and we may face competition from emerging companies as well as established companies who have not previously entered this market. Additionally, we may be required to make substantial additional investments in our research, development, services, marketing, and sales functions in order to respond to competition, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages such as: In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and service offerings and may be able to leverage their relationships with distribution partners and customers based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages customers from purchasing our platforms, including by selling at zero or negative margins, product bundling, or offering closed technology platforms. Potential customers may also prefer to purchase from their existing provider rather than a new provider regardless of platform performance or features. As a result, even if the features of our platforms offer advantages that others do not, customers may not purchase our platforms. These larger competitors often have broader product lines and market focus or greater resources and may therefore not be as susceptible to economic downturns or other significant reductions in capital spending by customers. If we are unable to sufficiently differentiate our platforms from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced functionality, performance, or value, we may see a decrease in demand for those platforms, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, new, innovative start-up companies and larger companies that are making significant investments in research and development may introduce products that have greater performance or functionality, are easier to implement or use, incorporate technological advances that we have not yet developed, or implemented or may invent similar or superior platforms and technologies that compete with our platforms. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources. 51 Table of Contents Some of our competitors have made or could make acquisitions of businesses that allow them to offer more competitive and comprehensive solutions. As a result of such acquisitions, our current or potential competitors may be able to accelerate the adoption of new technologies that better address customer needs, devote greater resources to bring these products and services to market, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, or develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do. These competitive pressures in our market, or our failure to compete effectively, may result in fewer orders, reduced revenue and margins, and loss of market share. In addition, it is possible that industry consolidation may impact customers’ perceptions of the viability of smaller or even mid-size software firms and consequently customers’ willingness to purchase from such firms. We may not compete successfully against our current or potential competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take costly actions in response to the actions of our competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, companies competing with us may have an entirely different pricing or distribution model. Increased competition could result in fewer customer orders, price reductions, reduced margins, and loss of market share, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. Our culture emphasizes rapid innovation and advancement of successful hires who may in some cases have limited prior industry expertise and prioritizes customer outcomes over short-term financial results, and if we cannot maintain or properly manage our culture as we grow, our business may be harmed. We have a culture that encourages employees to quickly develop and launch key technologies and platforms intended to solve our customers’ most important problems and prioritizes the advancement of employees to positions of significant responsibility based on merit despite, in some cases, limited prior work or industry experience. Much of our hiring into technical roles comes through our internship program or from candidates joining us directly from undergraduate or graduate engineering programs rather than industry hires. Successful entry-level hires are often quickly advanced and rewarded with significant responsibilities, including in important customer-facing roles as project managers, development leads, and product managers. Larger competitors, such as defense contractors, system integrators, and large software and service companies that traditionally target large enterprises typically have more sizeable direct sales forces staffed by individuals with significantly more industry experience than our customer-facing personnel, which may negatively impact our ability to compete with these larger competitors. We have historically operated with a relatively flat reporting and organization structure and have few formal promotions. As our business grows and becomes more complex, the staffing of customer-facing personnel, some of whom may have limited industry experience, may result in unintended outcomes or in decisions that are poorly received by customers or other stakeholders. For example, in many cases we launch, at our expense, pilot deployments with customers without a long-term contract in place, and some of those deployments have not resulted in the customer’s adoption or expansion of its use of our platforms and services, or the generation of significant, or any, revenue or payments. In addition, as we continue to grow, including geographically, we may find it difficult to maintain our culture. Our culture also prioritizes customer outcomes over short-term financial results, and we frequently make service and product decisions that may reduce our short-term revenue or cash flow if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and responsive to our customers’ goals and thereby have the potential to improve our financial performance over the long term. These decisions may not produce the long-term benefits and results that we expect or may be poorly received in the short term by the public markets, in which case our customer growth and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. We may not enter into relationships with potential customers if we consider their activities to be inconsistent with our organizational mission or values. We generally do not enter into business with customers or governments whose positions or actions we consider inconsistent with our mission to support Western liberal democracy and its strategic allies. Our decisions to not enter into these relationships may not produce the long-term financial benefits and results that we expect, in which case our growth prospects, business, and results of operations could be harmed. Although we endeavor to do business with customers and governments that are aligned with our mission and values, we cannot predict how the activities and values of our government and private sector customers will evolve over time, and they may evolve in a manner inconsistent with our mission. We do not work with the Chinese communist party and have chosen not to host our platforms in China, which may limit our growth prospects. Our leadership believes that working with the Chinese communist party is inconsistent with our culture and mission. We do not consider any sales opportunities with the Chinese communist party, do not host our platforms in China, and impose limitations on access to our platforms in China in order to protect our intellectual property, to promote respect for and defend privacy and civil liberties protections, and to promote data security. Our decision to avoid this large potential market may limit our growth prospects and could adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, and we may not compete successfully against our current or potential competitors who choose to work in China. 52 Table of Contents Joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, and strategic alliances may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects. We expect to continue to enter into joint ventures, channel sales relationships (including original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) and reseller relationships), platform partnerships, and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. Joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, strategic alliances, and other similar arrangements involve significant investments of both time and resources, and there can be no assurances that they will be successful. They may present significant challenges and risks, including that they may not advance our business strategy, we may get an unsatisfactory return on our investment or lose some or all of our investment, they may distract management and divert resources from our core business, including our business development and product development efforts, they may expose us to unexpected liabilities, they may conflict with our increased sales hiring and direct sales strategy, or we may choose a partner that does not cooperate as we expect them to and that fails to meet its obligations or that has economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. For example, in January 2021, we entered into a channel sales relationship with International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”), pursuant to which we expect IBM to supply a new product leveraging certain components of Foundry integrated with IBM’s Cloud Pak for Data. In addition, in November 2019, we created a jointly controlled entity in Japan with SOMPO. We believe this arrangement offers our business strategic operational advantages within the Japanese market, but it also limits our ability to independently sell our platforms, provide certain services, engage certain customers, or compete in Japanese markets or industry verticals, which limits our opportunities for growth in Japan and, depending on the success of the entity, may negatively impact our results. Additionally, in 2016, we entered into a partnership with Airbus S.A.S. (“Airbus”) that, over time, developed into the Skywise platform partnership, which provides our business strategic advantages but also limits our ability to independently provide our platforms to certain airlines and companies that compete with Airbus. Entry into certain joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, or strategic alliances now or in the future may be subject to government regulation, including review by U.S. or foreign government entities related to foreign direct investment. If a joint venture or similar arrangement were subject to regulatory review, such regulatory review might limit our ability to enter into the desired strategic alliance and thus our ability to carry out our long-term business strategy. As our joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, and strategic alliances come to an end or terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace them on comparable terms, or at all. When we enter into joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, and strategic alliances, our partners may be required to undertake some portion of sales, marketing, implementation services, engineering services, or software configuration that we would otherwise provide. In such cases, our partner may be less successful than we would have otherwise been absent the arrangement and our ability to influence, or have visibility into, the sales, marketing, and related efforts of our partners may be limited. In the event we enter into an arrangement with a particular partner, we may be less likely (or unable) to work with one or more direct competitors of our partner with which we would have worked absent the arrangement. We may have interests that are different from our joint venture partners and/or which may affect our ability to successfully collaborate with a given partner. Similarly, one or more of our partners in a joint venture, channel sales relationship, platform partnership, or strategic alliance may independently suffer a bankruptcy or other economic hardship that negatively affects its ability to continue as a going concern or successfully perform on its obligation under the arrangement. In addition, customer satisfaction with our products provided in connection with these arrangements may be less favorable than anticipated, negatively impacting anticipated revenue growth and results of operations of arrangements in question. Further, some of our strategic partners offer competing products and services or work with our competitors. As a result of these and other factors, many of the companies with which we have or are seeking joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, or strategic alliances may choose to pursue alternative technologies and develop alternative products and services in addition to or in lieu of our platforms, either on their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these partners, our ability to compete in a given marketplace or to grow our revenue would be impaired, and our results of operations may suffer. Even if we are successful in establishing and maintaining these relationships with our partners, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in increased customer usage of our platforms or increased revenue. Additionally, if our partners’ brand, reputation, or products are negatively impacted in any way, that could impact our expected outcomes in those markets. Further, winding down joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, or other strategic alliances can result in additional costs, litigation, and negative publicity. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 53 Table of Contents If we are not successful in executing our strategy to increase our sales to larger customers, our results of operations may suffer. An important part of our growth strategy is to increase sales of our platforms to large enterprises and government entities. Sales to large enterprises and government entities involve risks that may not be present (or that are present to a lesser extent) with sales to small-to-mid-sized entities. These risks include: Large enterprises and government entities often undertake a significant evaluation process that results in a lengthy sales cycle, in some cases over twelve months, requiring approvals of multiple management personnel and more technical personnel than would be typical of a smaller organization. Due to the length, size, scope, and stringent requirements of these evaluations, we typically provide short-term pilot deployments of our platforms at no or low cost in the Acquire phase. We sometimes spend substantial time, effort, and money in our sales efforts without producing any sales. The success of the investments that we make in the Acquire phase depends on factors such as our ability to identify potential customers for which our platforms have an opportunity to add significant value to the customer’s organization, our ability to identify and agree with the potential customer on an appropriate pilot deployment to demonstrate the value of our platforms, and whether we successfully execute on such pilot deployment. Even if the pilot deployment is successful, we or the customer could choose not to enter into a larger contract for a variety of reasons. For example, product purchases by large enterprises and government entities are frequently subject to budget constraints, leadership changes, multiple approvals, and unplanned administrative, processing, and other delays, any of which could significantly delay or entirely prevent our realization of sales. Finally, large enterprises and government entities typically (i) have longer implementation cycles, (ii) require greater product functionality and scalability and a broader range of services, including design services, (iii) demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, (iv) sometimes require acceptance provisions that can lead to a delay in revenue recognition, (v) typically have more complex IT and data environments, and (vi) expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. Customers, and sometimes we, may also engage third parties to be the users of our platforms, which may result in contractual complexities and risks, require additional investment of time and human resources to train the third parties and allow third parties (who may be building competitive projects or engaging in other competitive activities) to influence our customers’ perception of our platforms. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these customers. If sales expected from a large customer for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has significantly affected our business and operations. In light of the uncertain and rapidly evolving situation relating to the spread of COVID-19, we have taken precautionary measures intended to minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, our customers, and the communities in which we operate, including temporarily closing our offices worldwide and virtualizing, postponing, or canceling customer, employee, or industry events, which may negatively impact our business. While the COVID-19 pandemic has provided certain new opportunities for our business to expand, it has also created many negative headwinds that present risks to our business and results of operations. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has generally disrupted the operations of our customers and prospective customers, and may continue to disrupt their operations, including as a result of travel restrictions and/or business shutdowns, uncertainty in the financial markets or other harm to their business and financial results, which could result in a reduction to information technology budgets, delayed purchasing decisions, longer sales cycles, extended payment terms, the timing of payments, and postponed or canceled projects, all of which would negatively impact our business and operating results, including sales and cash flows. We do not yet know the net impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and cannot guarantee that it will not be materially negative. Although we continue to monitor the situation and may adjust our current policies as more information and public health guidance become available, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and/or the precautionary measures that we have adopted may create operational and other challenges, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. 54 Table of Contents Historically, a significant portion of our field sales, operations and maintenance, and professional services have been conducted in person. Currently, as a result of the work and travel restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the precautionary measures that we have adopted, substantially all of our field sales and professional services activities are being conducted remotely, which has resulted in a decrease in our travel and office expenditures. However, we expect our travel expenditures to increase in the future, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we do not yet know the extent of the negative impact of such restrictions and precautionary measures on our ability to attract new customers or retain and expand our relationships with existing customers. In addition, COVID-19 may disrupt the operations of our customers and partners for an indefinite period of time, including as a result of travel restrictions and/or business shutdowns, all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are not requiring employees who are able to work remotely to come into the office through at least June 2021. It is possible that widespread remote work arrangements may have a negative impact on our operations; the execution of our business plans; our ability to recruit, train, manage, and retain employees; the productivity and availability of key personnel and other employees necessary to conduct our business; and on third-party service providers who perform critical services for us, or otherwise cause operational failures due to changes in our normal business practices necessitated by the pandemic and related governmental actions. If a natural disaster, power outage, connectivity issue, or other event occurred that impacted our employees’ ability to work remotely, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The increase in remote working may also result in increased consumer privacy, data security, and fraud risks, and our understanding of applicable legal and regulatory requirements, as well as the latest guidance from regulatory authorities in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, may be subject to legal or regulatory challenge, particularly as regulatory guidance evolves in response to future developments. More generally, the COVID-19 pandemic has and is expected to continue to adversely affect economies and financial markets globally, leading to a continued economic downturn, which is expected to decrease technology spending generally and could adversely affect demand for our platforms and services. It is not possible at this time to estimate the full impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, as the impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Moreover, to the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition, and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, including but not limited to, those related to our ability to increase sales to existing and new customers, continue to perform on existing contracts, develop and deploy new technologies, expand our marketing capabilities and sales organization, generate sufficient cash flow to service our indebtedness, and comply with the covenants in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. If the market for our platforms and services develops more slowly than we expect, our growth may slow or stall, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. The market for our platforms is rapidly evolving. Our future success will depend in large part on the growth and expansion of this market, which is difficult to predict and relies on a number of factors, including customer adoption, customer demand, changing customer needs, the entry of competitive products, the success of existing competitive products, potential customers’ willingness to adopt an alternative approach to data collection, storage, and processing and their willingness to invest in new software after significant prior investments in legacy data collection, storage, and processing software. The estimates and assumptions that are used to calculate our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any particular number or percentage of the organizations covered by our market opportunity estimates will pay for our platforms and services at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecasts, our business could fail to grow at the levels we expect or at all for a variety of reasons outside our control, including competition in our industry. Further, if we or other data management and analytics providers experience security incidents, loss of or unauthorized access to customer data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, this market as a whole, including our platforms, may be negatively affected. If software for the challenges that we address does not achieve widespread adoption, or there is a reduction in demand caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions (including due to the COVID-19 pandemic), security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending, or otherwise, or, alternatively, if the market develops but we are unable to continue to penetrate it due to the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our platforms, or other factors, it could result in decreased revenue and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 55 Table of Contents We will face risks associated with the growth of our business in new commercial markets and with new customer verticals, and we may neither be able to continue our organic growth nor have the necessary resources to dedicate to the overall growth of our business. We plan to expand our operations in new commercial markets, including those where we may have limited operating experience, and may be subject to increased business, technology and economic risks that could affect our financial results. In recent periods, we have increased our focus on commercial customers. In the future, we may increasingly focus on such customers, including in the banking, financial services, healthcare, pharmaceutical, manufacturing, telecommunication, automotive, airlines and aerospace, consumer packaged goods, insurance, retail, transportation, shipping and logistics, and energy industries. Entering new verticals and expanding in the verticals in which we are already operating will continue to require significant resources and there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful or beneficial to us. Historically, sales to new customers have often led to additional sales to the same customers or similarly situated customers. As we expand into and within new and emerging markets and heavily regulated industry verticals, we will likely face additional regulatory scrutiny, risks, and burdens from the governments and agencies which regulate those markets and industries. While this approach to expansion within new commercial markets and verticals has proven successful in the past, it is uncertain we will achieve the same penetration and organic growth in the future and our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be negatively impacted. In the future, we may not be able to secure the financing necessary to operate and grow our business as planned, or to make acquisitions. In the future, we may seek to raise or borrow additional funds to expand our product or business development efforts, make acquisitions or otherwise fund or grow our business and operations As of March 31, 2021, we had $200.0 million of term loans outstanding and an additional $200.0 million of undrawn revolving commitments available under our secured credit facility. As of April 1, 2021, we repaid the outstanding term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $200.0 million and mutually agreed with the lenders and other applicable parties under our secured credit facility to amend our credit facility to, among other things, increase the revolving commitments under the credit facility by $200.0 million, for total undrawn revolving commitments of $400.0 million. Any principal amounts outstanding under our secured credit facility will be due and payable in June 2023, and any interest payments are due and payable quarterly or more or less frequently in certain circumstances. Additional equity or debt financing may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. Historically, we have funded our operations and capital expenditures primarily through equity issuances, debt, and cash received from our customers. Although we currently anticipate that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months, we may require additional financing, and we may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we raise equity financing to fund operations or on an opportunistic basis, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to, among other things: Our inability to take any of these actions because adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Our ability to generate the amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on our secured credit facility and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control. Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance our obligations under, our secured credit facility depends on our financial and operating performance and prevailing economic and competitive conditions. Certain of these financial and business factors, many of which may be beyond our control, are described above. 56 Table of Contents If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, raise additional equity capital, or restructure our debt. However, there is no assurance that such alternative measures may be successful or permitted under the agreements governing our indebtedness and, as a result, we may not be able to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Even if successful, actions taken to improve short-term liquidity in order to meet our debt service and other obligations could harm our long-term business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. Our outstanding debt matures in June 2023. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms or at all, including due to existing guarantees on our assets or our level of indebtedness and the debt incurrence restrictions imposed by the agreements governing our indebtedness. Further, the cost and availability of credit are subject to changes in the economic and business environment. If conditions in major credit markets deteriorate, our ability to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms, or at all, may be negatively affected. Our debt agreements contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business. Our credit agreement and related documents, including our pledge and security agreements, contain, and instruments governing any future indebtedness of ours would likely contain, a number of covenants that will impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things: Any of these restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions and could otherwise restrict corporate activities. Any failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under our secured credit facility or instruments governing any future indebtedness of ours. Additionally, our credit facility is secured by substantially all of our assets. Upon a default, unless waived, the lenders under our secured credit facility could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans, foreclose on our assets pledged to such lenders to secure our obligations under our credit agreement and force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In addition, a default under our secured credit facility could trigger a cross default under agreements governing any future indebtedness. Our results of operations may not be sufficient to service our indebtedness and to fund our other expenditures, and we may not be able to obtain financing to meet these requirements. If we experience a default under our secured credit facility or instruments governing our future indebtedness, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. In addition, a portion of our cash is pledged as cash collateral for letters of credit and bank guarantees which support certain of our real estate leases, customer contracts, and other obligations. While these obligations remain outstanding and are cash collateralized, we do not have access to and cannot use the pledged cash for our operations or to repay our other indebtedness. As of March 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants and restrictions associated with our secured credit facility. Variable rate indebtedness that we may incur under our secured credit facility will subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. As of April 1, 2021, no borrowings were outstanding under our secured credit facility. Any borrowings under the secured credit facility bear interest at variable rates, which exposes us to interest rate risk. Our loans under our secured credit facility bear interest at LIBOR (or any successor rate) plus 2.75% or a base rate plus 1.75% and are payable quarterly or more or less frequently in certain circumstances. 57 Table of Contents We may acquire or invest in companies and technologies, which may divert our management’s attention, and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions or investments. In particular, we are subject to risks associated with our investments, including a partial or complete loss of invested capital. As part of our business strategy, we have engaged in strategic transactions in the past and expect to evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets in the future. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our products or our ability to provide services. An acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen risks, operating difficulties and expenditures, including the following: 58 Table of Contents In addition, from time to time we may make strategic investments to support key business initiatives, including in private and public growth stage companies, and we may not realize a return on these investments. These transactions may be entered into pursuant to private placement or other transactions with publicly-traded or privately-held companies, including with special purpose acquisition companies in connection with business combination transactions with growth-stage companies. Our ability to sell or transfer, or realize value from these investments may be limited by applicable securities laws and regulations, including the requirement that offers or sales of securities must be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) pursuant to applicable laws or qualify for an exemption from such registration, and our ability to liquidate and realize value from our investments may be negatively and materially impacted by any delays or limitations on our ability to offer, sell, or transfer our investments. In addition, our investments may decline in value or be entirely lost. In addition to these investments, we have and may continue to enter into commercial agreements with these companies or other related entities. If such companies were unable to generate sufficient revenues or profitability or to access financing or funding in a timely manner or on favorable terms to them, our commercial agreement and expected revenue and collections would also be negatively impacted. Our portfolio companies may be engaged in businesses that involve novel and unproven technologies, products, and services and such companies may be unable to perform their obligations under any commercial agreements that we enter into with them, in a timely manner or at all. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we would not be exposed to unknown liabilities. Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology, Data Privacy, and Security If any of the systems of any third parties upon which we rely, our customers’ cloud or on-premises environments, or our internal systems, are breached or if unauthorized access to customer or third-party data is otherwise obtained, public perception of our platforms and O&M services may be harmed, and we may lose business and incur losses or liabilities. Our success depends in part on our ability to provide effective data security protection in connection with our technology platforms and services, and we rely on information technology networks and systems to securely store, transmit, index, and otherwise process electronic information. Because our platforms and services are used by our customers to store, transmit, index, or otherwise process and analyze large data sets that often contain proprietary, confidential, and/or sensitive information (including in some instances personal or identifying information and personal health information), our software is perceived as an attractive target for attacks by computer hackers or others seeking unauthorized access, and our software faces threats of unintended exposure, exfiltration, alteration, deletion, or loss of data. Additionally, because many of our customers use our platforms to store, transmit, and otherwise process proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information, and complete mission critical tasks, they have a lower risk tolerance for security vulnerabilities in our platforms and services than for vulnerabilities in other, less critical, software products and services. Our platforms and services operate in conjunction with, and we are dependent upon, third-party products and components across a broad ecosystem. There have been and may continue to be significant attacks on certain third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party providers’ systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our platforms and services. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of these third-party products or components and if there is a security exploit targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims, liability, reduced revenue, and harm to our reputation or competitive position. The natural sunsetting of third-party products and operating systems that we use requires that our infrastructure teams reallocate time and attention to migration and updates, during which period potential security vulnerabilities could be exploited. 59 Table of Contents We, and the third-party vendors upon which we rely, have experienced, and may in the future experience, cybersecurity threats, including threats or attempts to disrupt our information technology infrastructure and unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive or confidential information. Our and our third-party vendors’ technology systems may be damaged or compromised by malicious events, such as cyberattacks (including computer viruses, malicious and destructive code, phishing attacks, and denial of service attacks), physical or electronic security breaches, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, personnel misconduct, and human error. Such attacks or security breaches may be perpetrated by internal bad actors, such as employees or contractors, or by third parties (including traditional computer hackers, persons involved with organized crime, or foreign state or foreign state-supported actors). Cybersecurity threats can employ a wide variety of methods and techniques, which may include the use of social engineering techniques or supply-chain attacks, are constantly evolving, and have become increasingly complex and sophisticated; all of which increase the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until after they are launched against a target, we and our third-party vendors may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Although prior known cyberattacks directed at us have not had a material impact on our financial results, and we are continuing to bolster our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures, we cannot guarantee that past, future, or ongoing cyberattacks against us or a third party, if successful, will not have a material impact on our business or financial results, whether directly or indirectly. While we have security measures in place to protect our information and our customers’ information and to prevent data loss and other security breaches, we have not always been able to do so and there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to anticipate or prevent security breaches or unauthorized access of our information technology systems or the information technology systems of the third-party vendors upon which we rely. Despite our implementation of network security measures and internal information security policies, data stored on personnel computer systems is also vulnerable to similar security breaches, unauthorized tampering or human error. Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of data security incidents involving certain types of data, including personal data. In addition, most of our customers, including U.S. government customers, contractually require us to notify them of data security breaches. If an actual or perceived breach of security measures, unauthorized access to our system or the systems of the third-party vendors that we rely upon, or any other cybersecurity threat occurs, we may face direct or indirect liability, costs, or damages, contract termination, our reputation in the industry and with current and potential customers may be compromised, our ability to attract new customers could be negatively affected, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Further, unauthorized access to our or our third-party vendors’ information technology systems or data or other security breaches could result in the loss of information; significant remediation costs; litigation, disputes, regulatory action, or investigations that could result in damages, material fines, and penalties; indemnity obligations; interruptions in the operation of our business, including our ability to provide new product features, new platforms, or services to our customers; damage to our operation technology networks and information technology systems; and other liabilities. Moreover, our remediation efforts may not be successful. Any or all of these issues, or the perception that any of them have occurred, could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to terminate or not renew their agreements, hinder our ability to obtain and maintain required or desirable cybersecurity certifications, and result in reputational damage, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our license arrangements with customers or in our agreements with vendors, partners, or others would be enforceable, applicable, or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We maintain cybersecurity insurance and other types of insurance, subject to applicable deductibles and policy limits, but our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all costs associated with a potential data security incident. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for cyber liability or errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could harm our financial condition. Issues raised by the use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) (including machine learning) in our platforms may result in reputational harm or liability. AI is enabled by or integrated into some of our technology platforms and is a significant and potentially growing element of our business. As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by, or practices reflecting inherent biases of, data scientists, engineers, and end-users of our systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions. If the recommendations, forecasts, or analyses that AI applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Some AI scenarios present ethical issues. Though our technologies and business practices are designed to mitigate many of these risks, if we enable or offer AI solutions that are controversial because of their purported or real impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm. We depend on computing infrastructure operated by Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), Microsoft, and other third parties to support some of our customers and any errors, disruption, performance problems, or failure in their or our operational infrastructure could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on the technology, infrastructure, and software applications, including software-as-a-service offerings, of certain third parties, such as AWS and Microsoft Azure, in order to host or operate some or all of certain key technology platform features or functions of our business, including our cloud-based services (including Palantir Cloud), customer relationship management activities, billing and order management, and financial accounting services. Additionally, we rely on computer hardware purchased in order to deliver our platforms and services. We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of the third parties that we use. If any of these third-party services experience errors, disrupti