10-Q 1 v325907_10q.htm FORM 10-Q U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2012 For the transition period from to . Commission File Number 001-34661 Dehaier Medical Systems Limited (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Room 501, 83 Fuxing Road Haidian District, Beijing 100856 People’s Republic of China (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) +86 (10) 5166-0080 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ¨ No x Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The Company is authorized to issue 18,307,038 Shares. As of November 13, 2012, the Company has issued and outstanding 4,590,000 Shares. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED FORM 10-Q INDEX SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS We have made statements in this quarterly report that constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “continuing,” “ongoing,” “expect,” “we believe,” “we intend,” “may,” “should,” “could” and similar expressions. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include: The ultimate correctness of these forward-looking statements depends upon a number of known and unknown risks and events. Many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Consequently, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law; we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update this forward-looking information. Nonetheless, the Company reserves the right to make such updates from time to time by press release, periodic report or other method of public disclosure without the need for specific reference to this Report. No such update shall be deemed to indicate that other statements not addressed by such update remain correct or create an obligation to provide any other updates. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. See the financial statements following the signature page of this report, which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of the company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. In this report, the terms “we,” “the Company” and “our” refer to Dehaier Medical Systems Limited, a British Virgin Islands company (“Dehaier”), Beijing Dehaier Technology Company Limited, our variable interest entity in the People’s Republic of China (“BTL”) and Beijing Dehaier Medical Technology Company Limited, our operating subsidiary in the People’s Republic of China (“BDL”). This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. This section should be read together with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto contained in Item 1 of Part I in this form 10-Q with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, which was filed on March 19, 2012. Overview We are a company in the business of developing and distributing medical devices. We have focused primarily on the respiratory and oxygen homecare industry since 2006. We design, develop and market our own branded products and medical components. Since we do not operate any fully scaled manufacturing facilities, we contract some of the medical components to outside manufacturers in China. Most of our branded products require light assembly by us before distribution. We also distribute products designed and manufactured by other companies. We broaden our product portfolio through distribution agreements with international manufacturers, and most of the products we distribute are imported. Our distribution offerings are mostly medical equipment used in the operating room, the intensive care unit (“ICU”) and the emergency room. While we sell our products primarily through distributors, we also make direct sales to hospitals, clinics and government health bureaus. We continue to further our market reach by introducing newer and more advanced product lines that address different end-user needs. Recent Business Developments In September 2012, we won a 3-year procurement agreement for our proprietary air compressors and customized trolleys from a major medical equipment manufacturer in Ukraine. In September 2012, we entered into a two-year distribution agreement with GCE group, a leading global compressed gas-equipment company, to become the exclusive distributor for GCE's EASE II product in Mainland China. The newly-distributed product can be widely used in many fields including disaster relief efforts, national defense, emergency rooms, ambulances, and medical institutions. In September 2012, we signed three medical equipment procurement agreements with Beijing's Hospitals 304 and 307, two of China's most well-known first-tier hospitals, and with Beijing Kanglian Medicines Co. for the China Development Bank Rural Medical and Health Construction Project. In September 2012, we obtained software copyrights for Mega Pixels, which is used in our Dehaier Explorer C-Armed X Ray Machine Series. This is the fifth software copyright we obtained this year. In October 2012, we won a government procurement contract with Xinjiang Province to distribute medical equipment to Hospitals in Xinjiang. The contract will be implemented by the end of 2012. In October 2012, we received government subsidies of RMB118,100 for short-term bank loan interest, as a result of favorable treatment granted to High Technology Enterprises like ours. Growth Strategies We plan to build our brand name domestically as both a distributor and a trusted partner by leveraging our relationships with healthcare professionals, agents and other downstream distributors, maintaining and expanding our customer base, and promoting steady business gr o wth. We plan to broaden the portfolio of products we distribute for other companies by cooperating with more internationally recognized medical equipment manufacturers. We also intend to take advantage of our well-established distribution network to grow sales revenues. By actively participating in state-level contracted healthcare programs, we will continue to expand our key account business and build a higher level of contact and relationships with the government and other healthcare industrial insiders. We plan to expand our product portfolio through continued investment in research and development and pursuing attractive opportunities to acquire complementary products and technologies. We have had steady growth in our brand name homecare medical products. We will expand our distribution channels through many new options, such as third party e-commerce platforms and retail drugstore chains. We plan to leverage our oxygen delivery service platform to introduce our homecare products to customers, generating potential cross-selling opportunities. We have started and intend to continue developing our home oxygen service business in Beijing and eventually expand this service platform to all major markets in China. We also plan to offer more value-added services to our customers based on this platform. Our long-term goal is to provide our customers an all-in-one solution in the home healthcare field. Furthermore, we will continue to leverage our existing network of consumer experience centers, or CECs, to showcase our new products and services, such as our home oxygen services. We will continue to expand into overseas markets and establish a distribution network, through distribution agreements, OEM partnerships, direct sales force efforts and e-commerce platforms. We will build our brand name by actively participating in international trade shows and other marketing activities. To the extent we have adequate demand for our homecare medical products abroad, we will continue seeking regulatory approval to sell these products in the United States and Europe. Results of Operations Overview For the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, our total revenues amounted to approximately $15.83 million, $16.35 million, $5.53 million and $5.69 million, respectively. Our revenues are subject to value added tax (“VAT”), sales returns and trade discounts. We deduct these amounts from our gross revenues to arrive at our total revenues. Our net income attributable to Dehaier for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011 was approximately $2.85 million, $3.32 million, $1.04 million and $1.38 million, respectively. While we continuously developed our sales channels on traditional medical device sales, in recent months, we also began adjusting our strategy to expand into government procurement projects and the burgeoning respiratory and oxygen homecare market. Because revenues have decreased in traditional device sales and our government procurement efforts and homecare business are still at a relatively early stage, our overall revenues and net income are slightly lower than in 2011. Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations – Generally We believe the most significant factors that directly or indirectly affect our revenues and net income are: Revenues Our total revenues are derived from our medical devices and our respiratory and oxygen homecare products and services. Medical Devices (Including Related Supporting Products) – Our Proprietary and Distributed Products We derive revenues in our medical devices product line from the sale of C-arm X-ray systems, anesthesia machines, medical ventilators, general hospital products and related supporting products. Our medical device line is our largest product line and has the most extensive market penetration. We anticipate that we will continue to experience revenue growth in our medical devices line as we further develop our market through the introduction of new advanced product offerings and the participation in favorable government programs. In addition, we have recently begun to engage in state-level healthcare projects. We may procure high-end medical equipment for our clients, which may not necessarily be part of our existing distributed brands portfolio. We refer to these kinds of contracted projects as “key account business.” Although this business may carry lower margins, the contract value for such business is typically larger and can contribute materially to our revenues. Respiratory and Oxygen Homecare Products and Home Oxygen Therapy Service (or “HOTS”) We derive revenues in our respiratory and oxygen homecare line from sales of oxygen concentrators, CPAP devices, and portable sleep diagnostics devices. We anticipate that, on a percentage basis, revenues from our respiratory and oxygen homecare product line will increase more rapidly than total revenues in the near term, as we introduce new and more advanced products. We expect to develop our market for respiratory and oxygen homecare market in China and internationally through the use of distributors as well as through our direct sales platform. In addition, we launched our home oxygen therapy service (“HOTS”) in Beijing in the third quarter of 2011. In 2012, we have focused on laying a solid foundation, such as the delivery network, rather than generating considerable revenue. As 2012 comes to a close, we are evaluating how best to allocate our resources in this market. Our ability to increase our revenues depends in large part on our ability to (i) increase the market penetration of our existing products, (ii) successfully identify, develop, introduce and commercialize, in a timely and cost-effective manner, new and upgraded products and (iii) enter into international markets in the future. Generally, we choose to devote our resources to product development efforts that we believe are commercially feasible, can generate significant revenues and margins, and can be introduced into the market quickly. Operating Costs and Expenses Our operating costs and expenses consist of cost of revenues, general and administrative expenses, selling expenses and other expenses. Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues primarily include raw materials, parts for assembly, wages, handling charges, amortization of software copyrights, and other expenses associated with the assembly and distribution of product. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits and related costs for our administrative personnel and management, fees and expenses of our outside advisers, including legal, audit and valuation expenses, expenses associated with our administrative offices and the depreciation of equipment used for administrative purposes. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase, both on an absolute basis and as a percentage of revenue, as we hire additional personnel and incur costs related to the anticipated growth of our business. In addition, we expect to continue to incur significant general and administrative expenses as a public company. Selling Expenses Selling expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefits for our sales and marketing staff, expenses for promotional, advertising, travel and entertainment activities, lease payments for our sales offices, and depreciation expenses related to equipment used for sales and marketing activities. Going forward, we expect our selling expenses to increase, both on an absolute basis and as a percentage of revenue, as we increase our efforts to promote our products, especially our new respiratory and oxygen homecare products. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2012 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2011. Revenues Our total revenues decreased by 3.22% from $16.35 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2011 to $15.83 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2012. In the past three quarters of 2012, we continuously developed our sales channels for traditional medical devices sales. At the same time, we also began to adjust our operating strategy to expand into government procurement projects and the burgeoning respiratory and oxygen homecare market. Because revenues have decreased in traditional device sales and our government procurement efforts and homecare business are still at a relatively early stage, our overall revenues and net income are slightly lower than in 2011. Cost of Revenues Our cost of revenues decreased by 3.16% from $10.10 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2011 to $9.78 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2012. Our efforts to manage our inventory and costs allowed us to decrease our cost of revenues at largely in line with our decrease in revenues. Our gross margin declined slightly, mainly because finished government procurement projects generally contributed lower gross margin than the Company’s traditional businesses. Although these government procurement projects sometimes have lower margins than our traditional business, we believe the potential for involvement in such projects to improve our reputation and lead to higher total revenue justifies our focus on this market. Gross Profit Our gross profit decreased from $6.26 million in the three months ended September 30, 2011 to $6.05 million in the same period of 2012, while our gross margin decreased slightly from 38.25% in 2011 to 38.22% in 2012 due to the faster decrease in revenues than in cost of revenues. Management believes the Company’s gross margin is likely to remain relatively stable over the near term. Operating Expenses Our operating expenses decreased by 3.19% from $2.51 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2011 to $2.43 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2012. We analyzed our nine months operating expenses by general and administrative expenses and selling expenses in the following parts. Operating Expenses—General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits and related costs for our administrative personnel and management, and expenses associated with our research and development, registration of patent and intellectual property rights in China and abroad. Our general and administration expenses increased by 3.60% from $1.41 million for nine months ended September 30, 2011 to $1.46 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2012, maintaining consistent spending between the periods. We expect our general and administration expenses to increase in the near future as a result of further R&D expenditures and investment in professional services associated with being a public company in the U.S. Operating Expenses - Selling Expenses Our selling expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel engaged in sales, marketing and customer support functions, and costs associated with advertising and other marketing activities. Our selling expenses decreased by 11.53% from $1.09 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2011 to $0.97 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2012. These selling expense decreases are a result of operating efficiency improvements as we have focused on key performance indicators and reduced selling expenses accordingly. We expect our selling expenses will grow in absolute amount and as a percentage of our revenues as we invest in strengthening our distribution network, growing relationships with our customers, developing the homecare device market (in particular our oxygen therapy service initiative) and driving top-line growth in these areas. Operating Income As a result of the foregoing, we generated operating income of approximately $3.79 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2012, compared to approximately $3.88 million in the same period of 2011. Operating income decreased by 2.25%, mainly because of the narrowed gross margin. Taxation Our income tax expense was approximately $0.65 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2012, compared to approximately $0.67 million in the same period of 2011, primarily due to a decrease in our taxable income. Net Income Our net income was approximately $2.85 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2012, compared to approximately $3.33 million in 2011, a decrease by 14.47%, mainly because of a change in the fair value of our warrants liability. We calculate the fair value of our warrants liability at the end of each reporting period, resulting in a non-cash gain or loss. When the fair value of our warrants liability has increased during the period, we record a loss; consequently, when the fair value of our warrants liability has decreased during the period, we record a gain. Excluding the effects of such non-cash changes in fair value of our warrants liability (which was a charge to operations of $187,823 and a gain of $177,358 for nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively), our net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2012 would have been $3,039,368, a slight decrease of 3.72% as compared to $3,156,780 for the same period of 2011. After deduction of non-controlling interest in income, net income attributable to Dehaier was approximately $2.85 million and $3.32 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Three Months Ended September 30, 2012 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2011. Revenues Our total revenues decreased by 2.81% from $5.69 million for the three months ended September 30, 2011 to $5.53 million for the three months ended September 30, 2012. In the third quarter of 2012, the decrease in revenues was mainly attributed to our operating strategy changes. In the recent months, we made the strategic decision to expand into government procurement projects and homecare oxygen therapy services, while we maintaining our sales growth in our traditional medical devices business. In the short term, this strategy adjustment has resulted in decreased revenue. However, the management expects the new strategy to benefit the Company in the future as we rely more on a combination of higher revenue government projects and higher margin revenues from our home oxygen therapy services. Cost of Revenues Our cost of revenues increased by 5.80% from $3.27 million for the three months ended September 30, 2011 to $3.46 million for the three months ended September 30, 2012. The amortization of our newly launched software and the cost increase in raw material resulted in this increase in cost of revenue. We predict the amortization of software will continue and that inflation pressures are likely to persist for at least the near term, which could lead to increases in our cost of revenues in future periods. Gross Profit Our gross profit decreased from $2.42 million in the three months ended September 30, 2011 to $2.07 million in the same period of 2012, while the gross margin decreased from 42.49% in 2011 to 37.39% in 2012. The management believes such decrease in gross margin is a result of the increase in cost of revenue. Operating Expenses Our operating expenses decreased by 7.5% from $0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2011 to $0.74 million for the three months ended September 30, 2012. Operating expense was divided into general and administrative and selling expenses, which are analyzed below: Operating Expenses—General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits and related costs for our administrative personnel and management and expenses associated with our research and development, registration of patent and intellectual property rights in China and abroad. Our general and administration expenses increased by 8.94% from $0.40 million for the three months ended September 30, 2011 to $0.43 million for the three months ended September 30, 2012. This increase was mainly due to the increased provision of accounts receivables to reflect the movement of some accounts receivable into overdue status and the continuous investment in capital market consulting services. We expect our general and administration expenses to increase in the near future as a result of further R&D expenditures and investment in professional services associated with being a public company in the U.S. Operating Expenses - Selling Expenses Our selling expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel engaged in sales, marketing and customer support functions, and costs associated with advertising and other marketing activities. Our selling expenses decreased by 23.70% from $0.40 million for the three months ended September 30, 2011 to $0.30 million for the three months ended September 30, 2012. These selling expense decreases are as a result of increased operating efficiency through our focus on key performance indicator management. We expect our selling expenses will grow as we invest in strengthening our distribution network, growing relationships with customers, developing the homecare device market (in particular our oxygen therapy service initiative) and driving top-line growth in these areas. Operating Income As a result of the foregoing, we generated operating income of approximately $1.41 million and $1.66 million in the three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011. Taxation Our income tax expense was approximately $0.23 million in the three months ended September 30, 2012, compared to approximately $0.27 million in the same period of 2011, due to the decrease in our taxable income. Net Income Our net income was approximately $1.04 million in the three months ended September 30, 2012, compared to approximately $1.38 million in 2011, a decrease of 24.72%, mainly because of the increase in general and administrative expenses, financial expenses and change in the fair value of our warrants liability. Excluding the effects of such non-cash changes in fair value of our warrants liability (which was a charge to operations of $95,756 and a gain of $27,491 for three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively), our net income for the three months ended September 30, 2012 would have been $1,138,378, a decrease of 16.14% as compared to $1,357,502 for the same period of 2011. After deduction of non-controlling interest in income, net income attributable to Dehaier was approximately $1.04 million and $1.37 million in the three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows and Working Capital As of September 30, 2012, we had $3,165,481 cash and cash equivalents. As a result of the total cash activities, net cash decreased from $3,694,486 at December 31, 2011, mainly because we invested in obtaining copyright protection for our software for our future development. We believe that our currently available working capital of $28,025,309, including cash, should be adequate to meet our anticipated cash needs and sustain our current operations for at least 12 months. To the extent we engage in acquisitions or other business expansion in the future, we will need to rely on a variety of sources of funding, including but not limited to operating cash and debt or equity financings. Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,390,960 for the nine months ended September 30, 2012, as compared to $4,054,852 used in operating activities for the same period in 2011. The reasons for this change are mainly as follows: Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2012 was $ 2,717,838 , compared to $ 98,100 for the same period of 2011. The cash used in investing activities was mainly attributable to capital expenditures for software copyrights. Financing Activities For the nine months ended September 30, 2012, we repaid $1,580,436 of short-term borrowings and entered into a new loan agreement for $2,373,145. The net amount provided by financing activities was $0.79 million at September 30, 2012. Capital Expenditures We made capital expenditures of approximately $2.7 million and $95 thousand in the first nine months of 2012 and 2011, respectively. In 2011, our capital expenditures were generally used to purchase machinery for our assembly line, while in 2012, our capital expenditures were mainly used to obtain software copyrights. Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Arrangements We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholder’s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. Tax Matters Applicable to the Company Generally Dehaier is a tax-exempt company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. BDL and BTL were incorporated in the PRC and are governed by PRC laws. The Company pays PRC enterprise income taxes, value added taxes and business taxes in China for revenues from BDL, and is governed by British Virgin Islands tax laws as to Dehaier. British Virgin Islands Tax We are exempt from all provisions of the Income Tax Act of the British Virgin Islands, including with respect to all dividends, interests, rents, royalties, compensation and other amounts payable by or to persons who are not resident in the British Virgin Islands. Capital gains realized with respect to any of our shares, debt obligations or other securities by persons who are not resident in the British Virgin Islands are also exempt from all provisions of the Income Tax Act of the British Virgin Islands. No estate, inheritance tax succession or gift tax rate, duty, levy or other charge is payable by persons who are not resident in the British Virgin Islands with respect to any of our shares, debt obligations, or other securities. No stamp duty is payable in the British Virgin Islands in relation to a transfer of shares in a British Virgin Islands Business Company. PRC Enterprise Income Taxes PRC enterprise income tax is calculated based on taxable income determined under PRC accounting principles. The Company is subject to the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) which provides for a unified enterprise income tax rate of 25%. We are eligible for preferential tax treatment in accordance with the currently prevailing tax laws and administrative regulations through December 31, 2012. Furthermore, under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of the PRC with “de facto management bodies” within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise and will normally be subject to the enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on its global income. If the PRC tax authorities subsequently determine that we or any of our non-PRC subsidiaries should be classified as a PRC resident enterprise, then such entity’s global income will be subject to PRC income tax at a tax rate of 25%. In addition, under the EIT Law, payments from BDL to us may be subject to a withholding tax. The EIT Law currently provides for a withholding tax rate of 20%. If Dehaier is deemed to be a non-resident enterprise, then it will be subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 10% on any dividends paid by its Chinese subsidiaries to Dehaier. In practice, the tax authorities typically impose the withholding tax rate of 10% rate, as prescribed in the implementation regulations; however, there can be no guarantee that this practice will continue as more guidance is provided by relevant government authorities. We are actively monitoring the proposed withholding tax and are evaluating appropriate organizational changes to minimize the corresponding tax impact. In addition, entities that qualify as “high and new technology enterprises” will enjoy a 15% preferential tax rate under the EIT Law. Enterprise that have been certified as “high and new technology enterprises” shall pre-pay EIT at the rate of 25% temporarily until re-certified as “high and new technology enterprises” under Circular 172. Under the current PRC laws, PRC government grants a preferential income tax rate of 15% to government-certified high technology companies, and under the new standard the period of validity for the certification of high technology companies is three years. In 2009, BD L updated its certification for “high technology” company. Therefore, BDL used a 15% income tax rate to calculate the income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011. The Company renewed its high technology company status to retain the 15% income tax rate after September 30, 2012 and received the approval in October 2012. The Company has not received the preferential tax rate certificate as of the filing date but anticipates receipt in the near future. The tax rate for BTL is 25% in 2012 and 2011. PRC Value Added Tax All entities and individuals that are engaged in the businesses of sales of goods, provision of repair and placement services and importation of goods into China are generally subject to a VAT at a rate of 17% (with the exception of certain goods which are subject to a rate of 13%) of the gross sales proceeds received, less any VAT already paid or borne by the taxpayer on the goods or services purchased by it and utilized in the production of goods or provisions of services that have generated the gross sales proceeds. PRC Business Tax Companies in China are generally subject to business tax and related surcharges by various local tax authorities at rates ranging from 3% to 20% on revenue generated from providing services and revenue generated from the transfer of intangibles. Critical Accounting Policies Presentation in Accordance with US GAAP We prepared our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”). These accounting principles require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions on the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the end of each fiscal period, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each fiscal period. We continually evaluate these judgments and estimates based on our own historical experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, our expectations regarding the future based on available information and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. Basis of Consolidation The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Dehaier, BDL, its majority-owned subsidiary, and BTL. All significant inter-company transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. A group of shareholders, including the Chief Executive officer, originally held more than 50% of the voting ownership interest of Dehaier, BDL and BTL. BTL is a variable interest entity (“VIE”), and BDL is the primary beneficiary. BTL owns a building, which is pledged as collateral for BDL’s bank loans. In exchange, BDL loans money to BTL to finance its operations. BTL’s primary operation is to provide repairs and transportation services to BDL’s customers. Because of these arrangements, BDL is the primary beneficiary of BTL, as the entity that is most closely associated with BTL. Management makes ongoing reassessments of whether BDL is the primary beneficiary of BTL. The accounts of BTL are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810-10, “Consolidation.” As a VIE, BTL’s revenues are included in the Company’s service income, and its income from operations is consolidated with the Company’s. Because of the arrangements, the Company had a pecuniary interest in BTL that requires consolidation of the Company’s and BTL’s financial statements. Use of Estimates The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Estimates are adjusted to reflect actual experience when necessary. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory obsolescence, warranty obligation, warrants liability, Stock-based compensation and useful lives of property and equipment. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Accounts Receivabl e Accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value. Accounts receivable terms typically are 60-180 days from the end of the month in which services are provided or goods are delivered. Our typical trade receivable terms vary based on the type of customer. We general require 100% prepayment before delivering our products to individual clients. Our contract terms general require 10%-30% prepayment for our hospital and healthcare center clients, and the trade receivable term in contracts for those clients is generally between 60 and 90 days. Our contract terms general require 10% prepayment from our distributor clients, and the trade receivable term in contracts for those clients is generally between 60 and 180 days. With the exception of the prepayments we require in some cases, we generally do not require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. An allowance, if required, is based on a combination of historical experience, aging analysis, and an evaluation of the collectability of specific accounts. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements for current assets and current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. The Company follows the provisions of ASC 820-10, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” which establishes a single authoritative definition of fair value and a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair value measurements for both financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities. This standard defines fair value, provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements, but discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flows) and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). For purposes of ASC 820-10-15, nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities would include all assets and liabilities other than those meeting the definition of a financial asset or financial liability as defined in ASC 820-10-15-15-1A. The Company adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 815 (formerly Emerging Issue Task Force 07-5), “Determining Whether an Instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity’s Own Stock.” ASC Topic 815 provides a framework for determining whether an instrument is indexed to an entity’s own stock. ASC Topic 815 became effective for the Company this period when warrants were issued in connection with the Company’s initial public offering (“IPO”). Such warrants are indexed to the Company’s common shares, which is traded in US dollars. Since the Company’s functional currency is the RMB, such warrants are considered liabilities. The fair value of the warrant liabilities is measured each reporting period with the resulting change in fair value recorded in the statement of operations. An increase of the warrants liability would decrease net income and earnings per share. A decrease in warrants liability would increase net income and earnings per share of the Company. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenues when all the followings conditions have been satisfied: All revenues are based on firm customer orders with fixed terms and conditions. Because the products are assembled to the customers’ specification, there is no right of return. The Company does not provide its customers with price protection or cash rebates. For products that include software, the software is an off-the-shelf package and an integral part of the products being delivered. The Company does not provide any significant post-sale customer support services and does not provide customers with upgrades. The software is incidental to the product as a whole. For products that do not require installation, revenues are recognized when the products are delivered. For products that require installation, revenues are recognized when the installation is completed. Income Taxes The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10, “Accounting for Income Taxes.” Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year; and, (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity’s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740-10 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740-10, a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken may be recognized only if it is “more likely than not” that the position is sustainable upon examination, based on its technical merits. The tax benefit of a qualifying position under ASC 740-10 would equal the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority having full knowledge of all the relevant information. A liability (including interest and penalties, if applicable) is established in the financial statements to the extent a current benefit has been recognized on a tax return for matters that are considered contingent upon the outcome of an uncertain tax position. Related interest and penalties, if any, are included as components of income tax expense and income taxes payable. The Company is awaiting resolution of certain complex tax issues and has not yet filed its previous years’ Value Added Tax (“VAT”) returns for some of its customers. However, all the potential VAT liabilities on these VAT returns were accrued and included in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Not applicable. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains a system of controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of September 30, 2012, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, the chief executive officer and interim chief financial officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were effective in timely alerting them to information required to be included in the Company’s periodic SEC filings. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) during the nine or three months ended September 30, 2012 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Not applicable. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. (a) None. (b) None (c) None. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. Item 6. Exhibits. The following documents are filed herewith: SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME UNAUDITED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Dehaier Medical Systems Limited (“Dehaier”) was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in 2003 as a limited liability company. Dehaier distributes and provides after-sale services for medical equipment in China mainly through its majority-owned subsidiary Beijing Dehaier Medical Technology Co. Limited (“BDL”) and its affiliate Beijing Dehaier Technology Limited (“BTL”). On October 23, 2003, Dehaier established a wholly-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong, De-haier Medical System (Hong Kong) Limited (“DHK”), DHK was shut down on December 19, 2011 due to a change in business strategy. On November 9, 2011, Dehaier established a wholly-owned subsidiary in the United States, Breathcare LLC (“Breathcare”). Both BDL and BTL were incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). Dehaier, through its subsidiaries and affiliate, distributes branded, proprietary medical equipment, such as sleep apnea machines, ventilator air compressors, and oxygen generators. Standard product registration, product certification and quality management system have been established; ISO13485 industry standard has also already been passed. It also has the distribution rights for a number of international medical equipment suppliers for products including anesthesia equipment, patient monitors, mobile C-arm X-ray machines and other medical equipment accessories. Basis of Presentation The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”). In the opinion of the Company’s management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the periods presented. The results of operations for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012 are not necessarily indicative of operating results expected for the full year or future interim periods. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed on March 19, 2012. Basis of Consolidation The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Dehaier, and its majority-owned and wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”). All significant inter-company transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. A group of shareholders, including the Chief Executive Officer, originally held more than 50% of the voting ownership interest of Dehaier, BDL and BTL. BTL is a variable interest entity (“VIE”), and BDL is the primary beneficiary. BTL owns a building which is pledged as collateral for BDL’s bank loans. In exchange, BDL loans money to BTL to finance its operations. BTL’s primary operation is to provide repairs and transportation services to BDL’s customers. Because of these arrangements, BDL is the primary beneficiary of BTL, as the entity that is most closely associated with BTL. Management makes ongoing reassessments of whether BDL is the primary beneficiary of BTL. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Basis of Consolidation - Continued The carrying amount and classification of BTL’s assets and liabilities included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows: The accounts of BTL are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810-10, “Consolidation”. As a VIE, BTL’s revenues are included in the Company’s service income, and its income from operations is consolidated with the Company’s. Because of the arrangements, the Company had a pecuniary interest in BTL that requires consolidation of the Company’s and BTL’s financial statements. Use of Estimates The preparation of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Estimates are adjusted to reflect actual experience when necessary. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, warranty obligation, warrants liability, Stock-based compensation and useful lives of intangible assets, and property and equipment. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value. Accounts receivable terms typically are net 60-180 days from the end of the month in which the services were provided, or when goods were delivered. The company generally does not require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. An allowance, if required, is based on a combination of historical experience, aging analysis, and an evaluation of the collectibility of specific accounts. Prior to 2011, receivables were considered past due after 3 years. In 2011, after assessing the distributors’ economic factors and Company’s historic experience, management decided that receivables over 1 year will be considered past due. Management has determined that an allowance of $898,900 (RMB5,650,224) and $859,509 (RMB5,419,725) was appropriate at September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011 respectively. Advances to Suppliers and Advances from Customers The Company, as is the common practice in the PRC, often makes advance payments to suppliers for unassembled parts, or receives advance payments from customers. Advances to suppliers were $5,196,015 and $4,348,847 as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011. Advances from customers were $201,883 and $303,000 as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements for current assets and current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. The Company adopted the provisions of ASC topic 815, “Derivatives and Hedging”. ASC topic 815 provides a framework for determining whether an instrument is indexed to an entity's own stock. ASC topic 815 became effective for the Company when warrants were issued in connection with the Company's initial public offering. Such warrants are indexed to the Company's stock, which is traded in US dollars. Since the Company's functional currency is the RMB, such warrants are considered liabilities. The fair value of the warrants liability is measured each reporting period with the resulting change in fair value recorded in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (see Note 12). The accounting standards regarding fair value of financial instruments and related fair value measurements define fair value, establish a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement, and enhance disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The three levels are defined as follows: Warrants liabilities qualify as financial instruments, and are carried on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at its fair value. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black Scholes Model, with level 2 inputs, and the change is recorded in earnings. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market and consist of assembled and unassembled parts relating to medical devices. The Company reviews its inventory annually for possible obsolete goods and to determine if any reserves are necessary. The reserve for obsolescence was $51,316 (RMB322,556) and $51,154 (RMB322,556) as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively, and the provision is included in the operating expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Property and Equipment Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are calculated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives: Intangible Assets Intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization are calculated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may no longer be recoverable. When these events occur, the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying value of the long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss, equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the asset, is recognized. Management has determined no impairment exists at the balance sheet dates. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenues when all the followings conditions have been satisfied: *Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; *Delivery and/or installation has occurred (e.g.,risks and rewards of ownership has passed); *The sales price is fixed or determinable; and, *Collectibility is reasonably assured. All revenues are based on firm customer orders with fixed terms and conditions. Because the products are assembled to the customers’ specification, there is no right of return. The Company does not provide its customers with price protection or cash rebates. For products which include software, the software is an off-the-shelf package and an integral part of the products being delivered. The Company does not provide any significant post-sale customer support services and does not provide customers with upgrades. The software is incidental to the product as a whole. For products that do not require installation, revenues are recognized when the products are delivered. For products that require installation, revenues are recognized when the installation is completed. For all service income, the Company recognizes the revenue upon the completion of the repairs when the equipment has been returned to and accepted by the customers. In the PRC, value added tax (VAT) of 17% of the invoice amount is collected in respect of the sales of goods on behalf of tax authorities. The VAT collected is not revenue of the Company; instead, the amount is recorded as a liability on the balance sheet until such VAT is paid to the authorities. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Foreign Currency Translation The accounts of Dehaier, BDL, BTL and DHK are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in US dollars. Foreign currency transactions are translated into US dollars using fixed exchange rates in effect at the time of the transaction. Generally, foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions are recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The foreign currency accounts of DHK, BDL and BTL are translated in accordance with ASC 830-10, “Foreign Currency Matters”. Assets and liabilities are translated at current exchange rates quoted by the People’s Bank of China at the balance sheet dates and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates in effect during the periods. Resulting translation adjustments are recorded as other comprehensive income (loss) and accumulated as a separate component of equity. Warranty Costs The Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized. The Company's warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates and material usage and service delivery costs incurred in correcting product failure. Should actual product failure rates, material usage or service delivery costs differ from the Company's estimates, the Company may revise its estimated product warranty liability. The term of the product warranty is generally twelve months. The reserve for warranty costs was $335,739 (RMB2,110,361), $334,680 (RMB2,110,361) at September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. Warranty expense for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011 was $38,692, $163,538, $13,611 and $56,890, respectively. Earnings per Share The Company follows the provisions of ASC 260-10, “Earnings per Share”. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to holders of common shares by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the years. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common shares were exercised or converted into common shares. Common stock equivalents having anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share are excluded from the calculation of diluted earning s per share. Value Added Tax The Company reports revenues net of PRC’s value added tax for all the periods presented in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Stock-Based Compensation The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718-10, “Compensation-Stock Compensation”. The Company has a share incentive plan which authorizes the issuance of up to 10% of the number of shares outstanding. Pursuant to the plan, the Company may issue options to purchase its common shares to employees and directors of the Company and its affiliates. The Company fair values share-based awards granted under the plan. Accordingly, compensation is measured on the grant date using appropriate valuation models. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Income Taxes The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10, “Accounting for Income Taxes.” Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year; and, (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity’s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of September 30, 2012, the Company recorded a deferred tax asset for the temporary differences arising from allowance for doubtful accounts and certain accrued expenses. The company believes it can utilize the deferred tax asset to offset future taxable income. Therefore, no valuation allowance has been provided as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011. ASC 740-10 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740-10, a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken may be recognized only if it is “more likely than not” that the position is sustainable upon examination, based on its technical merits. The tax benefit of a qualifying position under ASC 740-10 would equal the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority having full knowledge of all the relevant information. A liability (including interest and penalties, if applicable) is established in the financial statements to the extent a current benefit has been recognized on a tax return for matters that are considered contingent upon the outcome of an uncertain tax position. Related interest and penalties, if any, are included as components of income tax expense and income taxes payable. The Company had filed its 2008 and 2009 Value Added Tax (“VAT”) returns for some of its customers during the year 2011 and nine months ended September 30, 2012. All the potential VAT liabilities on these VAT returns occurred in current period were also accrued and included in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. The implementation of ASC 740-10 resulted in no material liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, the Company did not have a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense in the statement of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, the Company did not incur any interest or penalties. Income tax returns for the year prior to 2009 are no longer subject to examination by tax authorities. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Other receivables consist of the following: Prepayment and other current assets consist of the following: Property and equipment consist of the following: At September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, BTL’s building was pledged to a bank as collateral for short-term borrowings of RMB15,000,000 (US$2,386,365) and RMB10,000,000(US$1,585,890), respectively (see Note 8). Depreciation and amortization expense was $399,135, $333,580, $152,687 and $113,604 for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011 , respectively. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Land Use Rights There is no private ownership of land in China. Land is owned by the government and the government grants land use rights for specified terms. The Company’s land use rights are reported at the purchase price (RMB1,944,000 in 2002). Approximate future minimum amortizations at September 30, for the next five years are 265,043 annually. Tax receivable consists of the following: Enterprises or individuals who sell commodities, engage in repair and maintenance or import and export goods in the PRC are subject to a VAT in accordance with Chinese laws. The standard VAT is 17% of the gross sales price. A credit is available whereby VAT paid on the purchases of unassembled medical components of the Company’s product used in contract and production can be used to offset the VAT due on sales of the product. The tax receivable as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011 represents VAT credit on the purchased products. These amounts can be used to offset the VAT due on sales of the finished product. The Company has a line of credit for $1,590,915 (RMB10,000,000) with a commercial bank in China to finance its working capital. The credit line bears interest at a variable rate and is renewed annually on May 14th. Average interest rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011 were 7.22% and 6.94%, respectively. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the line of credit is secured by BTL’s building (see note 5) and guaranteed by BDL and an officer of the Company. On May 14, 2012, the bank renewed the Company's credit line that bears interest at a variable rate with payments due on March 14, 2013 and May 14, 2013 for RMB3,000,000 and RMB7,000,000, respectively. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On February 2, 2012, the Company entered into a new loan agreement with Nanjing Bank Company Limited (Beijing Branch) in the amount of $795,450 (RMB 5,000,000) with floating interest rate which was approximately 8.2% per year, due on January 30, 2013. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the line of credit is guaranteed by an officer of the Company. Non-controlling interest consists of the following: Leases The lease commitments are for office premises and a warehouse facility, all of which are classified as operating leases. These non-cancelable leases have lease terms expiring through December 2012 for one year. Approximate future minimum lease payments under these leases at September 30, 2012, are $84,000 for the twelve months ending September 30, 2013. Rent expense for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011 was $64,641, $131,229, $21,174 and $59,074, respectively. Employment Contracts Under the PRC labor law, all employees have signed employment contracts with the Company. Management employees have employment contracts with terms up to three years and non-management employees have a one year employment contract renewable on an annual basis. Contingency The Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, requires employers to assure the liability of the severance payments if employees are terminated and have been working for the employers for at least two years prior to January 1, 2008. The Company has estimated its possible severance payments of approximately $295,000 and $235,000 as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively, which have not been reflected in its condensed consolidated financial statements, because it is more likely than not that this will not be paid or incurred. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Common Shares On March 8, 2011, Dehaier issued 10,000 unregistered common shares to an investment relations firm. The fair value of the shares on the issuance date based on the closing price was $59,300. On November 16, 2011, Dehaier issued 50,000 unregistered common shares to a consulting firm. The fair value of the shares on the issuance date based on the closing price was $84,250. On January 9, 2012, Dehaier issued 5,000 restrict unregistered common shares to an independent contractor. The fair value of the shares on the issuance date based on the closing price was $11,000. On April 5, 2012, Dehaier issued 5,000 restrict unregistered common shares to an independent contractor. The fair value of the shares on the issuance date based on the closing price was $12,000. On August 22, 2012, Dehaier issued 20,000 restrict unregistered common shares to an independent contractor. The fair value of the shares on the issuance date based on the closing price was $32,000. Statutory Surplus Reserves A PRC company is required to make appropriations to statutory surplus reserve, based on after-tax net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the PRC (“ PRC GAAP ”). Appropriations to the statutory surplus reserve is required to be at least 10% of the after tax net income determined in accordance with PRC GAAP until the reserve is equal to 50% of the entity’s’ registered capital. The statutory surplus reserve fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation and can be used to fund previous years’ losses, if any, and may be utilized for business expansion or converted into share capital by issuing new shares to existing shareholders in proportion to their shareholding or by increasing the par value of shares currently held by them, provided that the remaining statutory surplus reserve balance after such issue is not less than 25% of the registered capital. Since Dehaier is a British Virgin Islands’ company, it will not be subject to the statutory surplus reserve provisions. BDL is a joint-venture company and the statutory surplus reserve provisions will be determined by its board of directors. As of September 30, 2012, BDL’s board of directors has not yet made such determination. Therefore, no amount was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve account. BTL appropriated 10% of its net profits as statutory surplus reserve, which is included as part of the non-controlling interest in the equity section. For the nine months ended September 30, statutory surplus reserve activity was as follows: DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Stock Option Plan Under the employee stock option plan, the Company’s stock options expire five years from the date of grant. On December 29, 2011, the Company entered into five-year agreements with its employees and directors. In connection with their services, the Company issued an aggregate of 450,000 options to acquire the Company’s common shares at an exercise price of $1.45 per share. The options vest in equal annual installments over the five years of the agreements beginning December 29, 2011. The Company valued the stock options using the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: The following is a summary of the option activity: Following is a summary of the status of options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2012: For the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized $82,471, $0, $27,691 and $0, respectively, as compensation expense under its stock option plan. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On April 21, 2010, the Company issued to Anderson & Strudwick Incorporated (“A&S”) 150,000 warrants, as a portion of the placement commission for the IPO. On the same day, the Company granted a total of 7,500 warrants to Hawk Associates Inc.(“Hawks”), the Company’s investor relations consultancy. On January 10, 2012, the Company issued 100,000 warrants to FirsTrust Group, Inc., (“FirsTrust”), the Company’s investor relations consultancy. The Company had 257,500 warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2012. All the warrants issued to “A&S” have the right to purchase one share of common stock for an exercise price of $10.00 per share with a term of 5 years. All the warrants granted to Hawks have the right to purchase one share of common stock for an exercise price of $9.60 per share with a term of 5 years. All the warrants granted to Firs Trust have the right to purchase one share of common stock for an exercise price of $4.00 per share with a term of 5 years. The fair value of the outstanding warrants at September 30, 2012 was calculated using the Black Scholes Model with the following assumptions: The following table sets forth by level within the fair value hierarchy of our financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of warrants liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs: Following is a summary of the warrants activity: DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS British Virgin Islands Dehaier is a tax-exempt company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. BDL and BTL were incorporated in the PRC and are governed by the PRC laws. Hong Kong DHK is subject to Hong Kong profits tax at a rate of 17.5% on its assessable profits. No Hong Kong profits tax has been provided as the Company did not have any taxable profit that was earned in or derived from Hong Kong during the years presented. PRC PRC enterprise income tax is calculated based on the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”). Under the EIT Law, a unified enterprise income tax rate of 25% and unified tax deduction standards will be applied equally to both domestic-invested enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises. Under the current PRC laws, PRC government grants a preferential income tax rate of 15% to government-certified high technology companies, and under the new standard the period of validity for the certification of high technology companies is three years. In 2009, BD L updated its certification for “high technology” company. Therefore, BDL used a 15% income tax rate to calculate the income tax expense for the six months ended September 30 , 2012 and 2011 . The Company renewed the high technology company status to keep 15% income tax rate after September 30, 2012 and received the approval in October 2012. The Company has not received the preferential tax rate certificate as of the filing date due to the long government procedures and process. The tax rate for BTL is 25% in 2012 and 2011. United States Breathcare is a limited liability company and is not subject to federal income tax. As of September 30, 2012, Breathcare was inactive. DEHAIER MEDICAL SYSTEMS LIMITED AND AFFILIATE NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Major Customers For the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012, approximately 7% and 19% of the Company’s revenues was received from one customer. For the nine and three months ended September 30, 2011, approximately 10% and 22% of the Company’s revenues was received from one customer. At September 30, 2012 and 2011, receivables from four customers were approximately 7%, 7%, 7%, 6% and 10%, 9%, 8%, 8%, respectively. Revenues For the nine and three months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, the Company’s two top selling products accounted, in the aggregate, for approximately 70%, 75%,59%, and 87%, respectively, of its total net revenues. The following represents the revenues by product line, all derived from China: On October 16, 2012, the Company won a government procurement contract with XinJiang Province to distribute medical equipments to Hospitals in XinJiang. The contract will be implemented by the end of 2012. On October 29, 2012, the Company received a government subsidies of RMB118,000 for the interests on short-term bank loan as High Technology Enterprise.