0001737927 false 00-0000000 0001737927 2023-09-25 2023-09-25 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 25, 2023 Canopy Growth Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ( 855 ) 558-9333 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ On September 25, 2023, Canopy Growth Corporation (“ Canopy Growth ”) held its 2023 Annual General and Special Meeting of Shareholders (the “ Annual Meeting ”). At the Annual Meeting, Canopy Growth’s shareholders passed an ordinary resolution to approve the adoption of Canopy Growth’s new Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “ EIP ”). A more detailed description regarding the EIP is set forth in Canopy Growth’s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2023 (the “ Proxy Statement ”) in the section entitled “ PROPOSAL NO. 3 – NEW EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN PROPOSAL ”, which is incorporated herein by reference. The description of the EIP is qualified in its entirety by reference to the EIP, which is attached to the Proxy Statement as Appendix C and is incorporated herein by reference. A total of 717,196,302 common shares were entitled to vote as of August 3, 2023, the record date for the Annual Meeting. There were 350,593,653 common shares represented at the Annual Meeting, at which Canopy Growth’s shareholders were asked to vote on six proposals, each of which is described in more detail in the Proxy Statement. Set forth below are the matters acted upon by Canopy Growth’s shareholders, and the final voting results of each such proposal. Proposal No. 1: Election of Director Nominees. Votes regarding the election of the seven director nominees were as follows: Based on the votes set forth above, Canopy Growth’s shareholders elected each of the seven nominees set forth above to serve as a director of Canopy Growth until the next annual general meeting of shareholders or until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed. Proposal No. 2: PKFOD Appointment. The proposal to appoint PKF O’Connor Davies, LLP, Certified Public Accountants (“ PKFOD ”), as Canopy Growth’s auditor and independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 and to authorize the Board to fix their remuneration received the following votes: Based on the votes set forth above, Canopy Growth’s shareholders approved the proposal to appoint PKFOD. Proposal No. 3: Adoption of New Equity Incentive Plan. The proposal to pass an ordinary resolution approving the adoption of the EIP received the following votes: Based on the votes set forth above, Canopy Growth’s shareholders approved the adoption of the EIP. Proposal No. 4: Adoption of Share Consolidation Resolution. The proposal to adopt a special resolution approving an amendment to Canopy Growth’s articles to, among other things, consolidate Canopy Growth’s issued and outstanding common shares (the “ Share Consolidation Resolution ”), as further described in the Proxy Statement, received the following votes: Based on the votes set forth above, Canopy Growth’s shareholders approved the Share Consolidation Resolution. Proposal No. 5: Advisory, Non-Binding Vote on Compensation of Canopy Growth’s Named Executive Officers. The advisory (non-binding) vote on the compensation of Canopy Growth’s named executive officers, as set forth in the Proxy Statement, received the following votes: Based on the votes set forth above, Canopy Growth’s shareholders approved, on an advisory basis, the compensation of Canopy Growth’s named executive officers. Proposal No. 6: Adoption of Share Issuance Resolution. The proposal to pass an ordinary resolution approving the issuance of Canopy Growth common shares underlying certain outstanding debentures of Canopy Growth in excess of 19.99% and 25%, as applicable, of Canopy Growth’s outstanding common shares on the date of issuance of such debentures, in accordance with applicable stock exchange rules (the “ Share Issuance Resolution ”), as further described in the Proxy Statement, received the following votes: Based on the votes set forth above, Canopy Growth’s shareholders approved the Share Issuance Resolution. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: September 26, 2023