sofi-20221121 0001818874 FALSE 0001818874 2022-11-21 2022-11-21 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 __________________________________ FORM 8-K __________________________________ CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 21, 2022 SoFi Technologies, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ( 855 ) 456-7634 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. In response to a letter received on November 21, 2022 from four Democratic members of the Senate Banking Committee requesting information regarding the activities of SoFi Technologies, Inc. ("SoFi") with respect to digital asset trading, the Company issued the following statement: SoFi takes our regulatory and compliance commitments seriously, including our non-bank operations within the digital assets space. We believe we have been fully compliant with the mandates of our bank license and all applicable laws. We maintain consistent, constructive dialogue with each of our federal and state regulators. Cryptocurrency remains a non-material component of our business. As disclosed in our latest 10-Q filing, our brokerage related fees (which include all cryptocurrency related fees) totaled $3.85 million in the third quarter of 2022 and the fair value of digital assets held by third-party custodians for the benefit of our members, which is recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, totaled approximately $132.5 million as of September 30, 2022. We do not engage in any other cryptocurrency financing activity other than allowing members to buy and sell crypto currency via our platform executed by third party partners, including no leveraging or yielding. We do not partner with FTX nor have any direct exposure to FTX. The information in this Item 7.01 is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of SoFi under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any of the information contained in this Item 7.01. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain of the statements above are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Words such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “future”, “strategy”, “might”, “plan”, “should”, “would”, “will be”, “will continue”, “will likely result” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements include: (i) the effect of and uncertainties related to macroeconomic factors such as inflation and rising interest rates and any resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic; (ii) our ability to achieve profitability and continued growth across our business in the future; (iii) the impact on our business of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment, including any further extension of the student loan payment moratorium or loan forgiveness, and our expectations regarding the return to pre-pandemic student loan demand levels; (iv) our ability to realize the benefits of being a bank holding company and operating SoFi Bank; (v) our ability to respond and adapt to changing market and economic conditions, including inflationary pressures and rising interest rates; (vi) our ability to continue to drive brand awareness and realize the benefits or our integrated multi-media marketing and advertising campaigns; (vii) our ability to vertically integrate our businesses and accelerate the pace of innovation of our financial products; (viii) our ability to manage our growth effectively and our expectations regarding the development and expansion of our business; (ix) our ability to access sources of capital on acceptable terms or at all, including debt financing and other sources of capital to finance operations and growth; (x) the success of our continued investments in our Financial Services segment and in our business generally; (xi) the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to expand our member base; (xii) our ability to maintain our leadership position in certain categories of our business and to grow market share in existing markets or any new markets we may enter; (xiii) our ability to develop new products, features and functionality that are competitive and meet market needs; (xiv) our ability to realize the benefits of our strategy, including what we refer to as our Financial Services Productivity Loop; (xv) our ability to make accurate credit and pricing decisions or effectively forecast our loss rates; (xvi) our ability to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting; (xvii) our expectations with respect to our anticipated investment levels in our Technology Platform segment and our expected margins in that segment, including our ability to realize the benefits of the Technisys acquisition; and (xviii) the outcome of any legal or governmental proceedings that may be instituted against us. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully 1 consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties set forth in the section titled “Risk Factors” in our last quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and those that are included in any of our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K, under the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date hereof and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 2 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.