10-Q 1 d31861d10q.htm 10-Q 10-Q Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020 OR For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 001-39540 Palantir Technologies Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (720) 358-3679 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ As of November 6, 2020, there were 1,471,832,735 shares of the registrant’s Class A common stock outstanding, 269,207,902 shares of the registrant’s Class B common stock outstanding, and 1,005,000 shares of the registrant’s Class F common stock outstanding. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “would,” “intend,” “target,” “goal,” “outlook,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 3 Table of Contents We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those described in the section titled “ Risk Factors ” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements. Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, restructurings, joint ventures, partnerships, or investments we may make. In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 4 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc.. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible and Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) (in thousands, except share amounts) (unaudited) 8 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible and Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) (in thousands, except share amounts) (unaudited) 9 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible and Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) (in thousands, except share amounts) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 10 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) (unaudited) 11 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 12 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Organization Palantir Technologies Inc. (including its subsidiaries, “Palantir,” or “the Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on May 6, 2003. The Company builds and deploys software platforms, Palantir Gotham and Palantir Foundry, that serve as the central operating systems for its customers. Direct Listing On September 30, 2020, the Company completed a direct listing of its Class A common stock (the “Direct Listing”) on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). In connection with the Direct Listing, on September 22, 2020, the Company filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which became effective on that date. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorized the issuance of a total of 20,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 2,700,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, authorized 1,005,000 shares of a new class of common stock (“Class F common stock”) and 2,000,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. In connection with the Direct Listing, Alexander Karp, Stephen Cohen, and Peter Thiel (the “Founders”) each transferred 335,000 shares of their Class B common stock to a voting trust, which were then exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of Class F common stock. Immediately prior to the filing of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, all outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock were converted into 797,743,185 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock, and all of the Company’s outstanding preferred stock warrants were converted into common stock warrants, which resulted in the reclassification of the warrants liability to additional paid-in capital. Subsequent to the filing of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, there were no shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock or convertible preferred stock outstanding. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of the Direct Listing, the Company determined that the performance-based vesting condition was satisfied for 68,149,214 restricted stock units (“RSUs”), which resulted in the issuance of an equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock. See further discussion in Note 11. Stock-Based Compensation regarding the cumulative stock-based compensation charge recognized upon the Direct Listing. 2. Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Consolidation The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) regarding interim financial reporting. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Palantir Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in entities where the Company holds at least a 20% ownership interest and has the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee, but does not control, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. For such investments, the share of the investee’s results of operations is included as a component of other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and the investment balance is included in other assets and classified as noncurrent in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company’s fiscal year ends on December 31. The unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019 included herein was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures, including 13 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) certain notes required by GAAP on an annual reporting basis. In management’s opinion, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the balance sheets and statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full fiscal year or any future period. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company’s final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on September 30, 2020 (the “Prospectus”). Use of Estimates The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates and assumptions made in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, identification of performance obligations in customer contracts, the fair value of common stock and other assumptions used to measure stock-based compensation, the fair value of preferred and common stock warrants, the valuation of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions, collectability of accounts receivable, and useful lives of tangible assets. Estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could affect the Company’s financial position and results of operations. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies The Company’s significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in its Prospectus. There have been no significant changes to these policies during the three months ended September 30, 2020. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consists of amounts invested in money market funds. Restricted cash primarily consists of cash and certificates of deposit that are held as collateral against letters of credit and guarantees that the Company is required to maintain for operating lease agreements, certain customer contracts, other guarantees, and financing arrangements. 14 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the condensed consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the amounts shown in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): Concentrations of Credit Risk and Other Concentrations Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents consist of money market funds with original maturities of three months or less, which are invested primarily with U.S. financial institutions. Cash deposits with financial institutions, including restricted cash, generally exceed federally insured limits. Management believes minimal credit risk exists with respect to these financial institutions and the Company has not experienced any losses on such amounts. The Company is exposed to concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable presented on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company’s accounts receivable balance as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was $162.3 million and $50.3 million, respectively. Customers E and H represented 15% and 11% of total accounts receivable as of September 30, 2020. Customers A and C represented 38% and 21% of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2019, respectively. No other customer comprised more than 10% of total accounts receivable as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The Company seeks to mitigate its credit risk with respect to accounts receivable by contracting with large commercial customers and government agencies and regularly monitoring the aging of accounts receivable balances. As of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company had not experienced any significant losses on its accounts receivable. For the three months ended September 30, 2020, no customer represented more than 10% of total revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, Customer F (in the government operating segment) represented 11% of total revenue. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019, Customer D (in the commercial operating segment) represented 12% and 13% of total revenue, respectively. No other customer represented more than 10% of total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 or 2019. The Company relies on the technology, infrastructure, and software applications, including software-as-a-service offerings, of third parties in order to host or operate certain key products and functions of its business. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements As of September 30, 2020, the Company qualified as an emerging growth company (“EGC”) under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (“JOBS Act”) which permits the Company an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards affecting public companies. 15 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) The Company adopted the following accounting standard during the nine months ended September 30, 2020: Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework – Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. This standard update modified the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements by removing, modifying, or adding certain disclosures. The ASU eliminated such disclosures as the amount of and reasons for transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and valuation processes for Level 3 fair value measurements. The ASU adds new disclosure requirements for Level 3 measurements. The Company adopted ASU 2018-13 as of January 1, 2020. The Company’s disclosures related to its Level 3 financial instruments did not materially change for the periods presented. See Note 4. Fair Value Measurements for more information. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and lease liability on its condensed consolidated balances sheet for all leases with a term longer than twelve months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating leases, with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the condensed consolidated statements of operation. If the Company loses its EGC status as of December 31, 2020, the new standard will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning January 1, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures; however, the Company believes that, upon adopting the new standard, it will recognize material right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on its condensed consolidated balance sheets associated primarily with real estate related operating leases. The Company intends to adopt the standard using an optional transition method and will not restate comparative periods. The Company does not believe this standard will have a material impact on its condensed consolidated statements of operations. In June 2016, the FASB amended guidance related to impairment of financial instruments as part of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology with an expected credit loss model for which a company recognizes an allowance based on the estimate of expected credit loss. If the Company loses its EGC status as of December 31, 2020, the new standard will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning January 1, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Internal-Use Software – (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract , which requires a customer in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance in ASC 350-40 to determine which implementation costs to capitalize as assets or expense as incurred. If the Company loses its EGC status as of December 31, 2020, the new standard will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning January 1, 2020. The amendments in this ASU can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs after the date of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740) , which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. If the Company loses its EGC status as of December 31, 2020, the new standard will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning January 1, 2021. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 16 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 3. Revenue Recognition Contract Balances The Company’s contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and customer deposits. The changes in the Company’s contract liabilities were as follows (in thousands): Remaining Performance Obligations The Company’s arrangements with its customers often have terms that span over multiple years. However, the Company generally allows its customers to terminate contracts for convenience prior to the end of the stated term with less than twelve months’ notice. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents noncancelable contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and, in certain instances, amounts that will be invoiced. The Company has elected the practical expedient allowing the Company to not disclose remaining performance obligations for contracts with original terms of twelve months or less. Cancelable contracted revenue, which includes customer deposits, is not considered a remaining performance obligation. The Company’s remaining performance obligations were $321.6 million as of September 30, 2020, of which the Company expects to recognize approximately 58% as revenue over the next twelve months. Disaggregation of Revenue See Note 14. Segment and Geographic Information for disaggregated revenue by customer segment and geographic region. 4. Fair Value Measurements Financial instruments consist of cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, other assets accounted for at fair value, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and warrants liability. Cash equivalents, restricted cash, and warrants liability are stated at fair value on a recurring basis. Accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities are stated at their carrying value, which approximates fair value due to the short time to the expected receipt or payment date. The carrying amount of the Company’s outstanding debt approximates the fair value as the debt bears a floating rate that approximates the market interest rate. 17 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) The following table presents the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in thousands): Certificates of Deposit The Company’s Level 2 instruments consist of restricted cash invested in certificates of deposit. The fair value of such instruments are estimated based on valuations obtained from third-party pricing services that utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income-based and market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable either directly or indirectly. These inputs include interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings. Gross unrealized gains or losses for cash equivalents as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 were not material. Warrants Liability In connection with the completion of the Company’s Direct Listing, all of the outstanding warrants to purchase shares of redeemable convertible and convertible preferred stock converted into warrants to purchase shares of Class B common stock. As a result, the Company reclassified the warrants liability to additional paid-in capital. 18 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Immediately prior to the Direct Listing and the reclassification to additional paid-in capital, the fair value of the warrants liability was estimated using a Black Scholes model and considered the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the first day of trading, the strike price of the warrants, the remaining term of the warrants, a risk-free interest rate that corresponds to the remaining term, and the volatility of comparable companies. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the warrants liability was included in other noncurrent liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet and the fair value of the warrant liability was estimated using a combination of an option-pricing model and a Monte Carlo simulation model with equal weighting applied to both models in determining the fair values. These models consider many assumptions, including the likelihood of various potential liquidity events, the nature and timing of such potential events, actions taken with regard to the warrants at expiration, as well as discounts for lack of marketability of the underlying securities and warrants. The assumptions used to calculate the warrants liability as of September 29, 2020, the date immediately before the Direct Listing, and December 31, 2019 were as follows: The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the estimated fair value of the Company’s warrants liability (in thousands): 5. Balance Sheet Components Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 19 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands): Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment, net was $2.5 million and $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and $9.3 million and $9.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Accrued Liabilities Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 6. Equity Method Investments Palantir Technologies Japan, K.K. During November 2019, the Company and SOMPO Holdings, Inc. (“SOMPO”) created a Japanese Kabushiki Kaisha (“K.K.”), Palantir Technologies Japan, K.K. (“Palantir Japan”) to distribute Palantir platforms to the Japanese market. Upon closing of the transaction with SOMPO, the Company purchased a total of 100,000 shares of Palantir Japan common stock for $25.0 million. The shares the Company received in exchange represent a 50% voting interest in Palantir Japan. The remaining 50% of the voting interest is held by SOMPO. The Company’s investment in Palantir Japan is accounted for as an equity method investment as the Company is able to exercise significant influence over, but does not control, the investee. The Company recorded a $25.9 million initial investment in Palantir Japan, of which $0.9 million was related to direct costs incurred in connection with the transaction. The Company’s 50% share of profits or losses generated from Palantir Japan are reported on a quarter lag. The Company recorded $0.5 million and $1.4 million share of losses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020. 20 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Concurrently with the formation of Palantir Japan, the Company entered into a ten-year license and services agreement with Palantir Japan for a limited non-transferable right to resell the Company’s platforms and use certain of the Company’s trademarks in exchange for $25.0 million and future quarterly royalty payments to be paid based on Palantir Japan’s net revenue. In addition, the Company received a prepayment of $50.0 million to be used toward future services provided by the Company to support the business operations and future deployments of the Company’s platforms by Palantir Japan (“service credit”). In connection with the license rights sold to Palantir Japan, the Company recorded the receipt of the $25.0 million in deferred revenue which will be recognized over the term of the agreement. The Company recorded the $50.0 million service credit in deferred revenue, which will be utilized on an as-needed basis and expires after five years. In the event there was a dissolution of Palantir Japan in the first five years following its formation, any remaining service credit would be refunded by the Company to Palantir Japan. As of December 31, 2019, Palantir Japan did not utilize any of the outstanding services credit. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, Palantir Japan utilized $0.9 million and $1.9 million, respectively, of the services credit. 7. Debt 2014 Credit Facility In October 2014, the Company entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility (the “2014 Credit Facility”). The 2014 Credit Facility bears interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus a margin of 2.75% per annum, subject to certain adjustments, and incurs a commitment fee of 0.375% assessed on the daily average undrawn portion of revolving commitments. Interest and commitment fees are payable at the end of an interest period or at each three-month interval if the interest period is longer than three months. In December 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to the 2014 Credit Facility to include an additional $150.0 million term loan and secured the credit facility with substantially all of the Company’s assets. Upon entering into this amendment, the Company drew down the $150.0 million term loan and $150.0 million under the existing revolving credit facility. The term loan portion of the 2014 Credit Facility was fully repaid and terminated as of December 31, 2019. In June 2020, the Company amended the 2014 Credit Facility to include a $150.0 million term loan, extend the maturity date to June 4, 2023, and add an additional lender. Additionally, this amendment increased the requirement to maintain minimum liquidity to $50.0 million, and provided the Company with an option to increase the total commitments by up to an additional $200.0 million, subject to the lenders’ approval. All other terms and conditions remained substantially the same upon the effectiveness of the amendment. Upon entering into this amendment, the Company drew down the total available term loan commitment of $150.0 million. In July 2020, the Company entered into another amendment to the 2014 Credit Facility, which added an additional lender and provided for an increase of $50.0 million to the revolving credit facility and a $50.0 million term loan. The incremental commitments were provided under the same terms as the existing commitments under the 2014 Credit Facility. During July 2020, the Company drew down the additional available term loan of $50.0 million and repaid the $150.0 million outstanding revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had a $200.0 million term loan outstanding under the 2014 Credit Facility and an additional $200.0 million undrawn revolving credit facility available. 21 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) The 2014 Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, and certain financial and nonfinancial covenants, including but not limited to maintaining minimum liquidity of $50.0 million, and certain limitations on liens and indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with all covenants associated with the 2014 Credit Facility as of September 30, 2020. 2019 Credit Facility On December 31, 2019, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the “2019 Credit Facility”) with a second lender. The 2019 Credit Facility allowed for the drawdown of up to $250.0 million. Amounts outstanding under the 2019 Credit Facility incurred interest at LIBOR plus a margin of 2.0% per annum, subject to certain adjustments. Interest was payable at the end of an interest period or at each three-month interval if the interest period was longer than three months. The 2019 Credit Facility also required the Company to maintain 50% of the aggregate revolving commitment in a specified collateral account, which was reported in restricted cash, noncurrent on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2019, the Company had $250.0 million outstanding and elected to incur interest at three-month LIBOR plus 2.0%. During June 2020, the outstanding balance was fully repaid and the 2019 Credit Facility was terminated, which released all restrictions on the cash collateral. The Company’s outstanding debt consisted of the following as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 (in thousands): 8. Commitments and Contingencies Lease Commitments As of September 30, 2020, the majority of the Company’s leases were classified as operating. The Company leases office space under noncancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through March 2032. Certain of the Company’s operating leases contain renewal options and rent acceleration clauses. During the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, net rent expense was $8.3 million and $10.4 million, respectively, which includes sublease income of $4.5 million and $3.7 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, net rent expense was $26.8 million and $26.0 million, respectively, and sublease income was $13.9 million and $10.5 million, respectively. 22 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Future annual minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases as of September 30, 2020 were as follows (in thousands): Letters of Credit and Guarantees The Company had irrevocable standby letters of credit and guarantees, including bank guarantees, outstanding in the amounts of $130.1 million and $322.8 million as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively, which were fully collateralized. The Company is required to maintain these letters of credit and guarantees primarily for the 2019 Credit Facility, operating lease agreements, certain customer contracts, and other guarantees and financing arrangements. As a result of the 2019 Credit Facility being terminated during June 2020, as described in Note 7. Debt , the restricted cash collateral previously required was released. These letters of credit and guarantees had expiration dates through August 2028 as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Purchase Commitments In December 2019, the Company entered into a minimum annual commitment to purchase cloud hosting services of at least $1.49 billion over six contract years, with an optional seventh carryover year, effective beginning January 1, 2020, in exchange for various discounts on such services. If the spend does not meet the minimum annual commitment each year or at the end of the term, the Company is obligated to make a return payment. If the difference is greater than $30.0 million for each of the first three contract years or $50.0 million for each of the contract years thereafter (“relief amounts”), the Company has the option to pay the respective relief amount for that year for services to be utilized in the future and the excess amount of the difference above the relief amount would be added to the minimum annual commitment of the following year through the end of the contract. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had satisfied $60.0 million of its $126.0 million commitment for the year ending December 31, 2020. If the Company is required to pay the $30.0 million relief amount it will be recorded as a prepayment for future cloud hosting services when due. The difference between the commitment and the amount satisfied will also be added to the Company’s commitment for the year ended December 31, 2021. In June 2020, the Company entered into a commitment to purchase at least $45.0 million of cloud hosting services over a period of five years commencing on June 1, 2020 and ending on May 31, 2025. If the spend commitment is not met at the end of the term, the Company is obligated to pay the full amount of the outstanding balance (“shortfall payment”). The shortfall payment may be applied as a prepayment against consumption, including to purchase reserved instances, during an additional twelve-month coverage period expiring on May 31, 2026, at which time any unused amount would be forfeited. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had satisfied $1.6 million of its commitment. 23 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Litigation and Legal Proceedings From time to time, third parties may assert patent infringement claims against the Company. In addition, from time to time, the Company may be subject to other legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights; employment claims; securities claims; investor claims; corporate claims; class action claims; and general contract, tort, or other claims. The Company may from time to time also be subject to various legal or government claims, disputes, or investigations. Such matters may include, but not be limited to, claims, disputes, allegations, or investigations related to warranty; refund; breach of contract; breach, leak, or misuse of personal data or confidential information; employment; government procurement; intellectual property; government regulation or compliance (including but not limited to anti-corruption requirements, export or other trade controls, data privacy or data protection, cybersecurity requirements, or antitrust/competition law requirements); securities; investor; corporate; or other matters. The Company is unable to predict whether or when any such matters may arise, the outcome of these matters, or the ultimate legal and financial liability, and cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss at this time and accordingly has not accrued a related liability. On December 14, 2017, members of KT4 Partners LLC (Managing Member Marc Abramowitz) and Sandra Martin Clark, as trustee for the Marc Abramowitz Irrevocable Trust Number 7 (together, “KT4 Plaintiffs”) filed an action in the Delaware Superior Court against the Company and Disruptive Technology Advisers LLC. The complaint alleges tortious interference with prospective economic advantage and civil conspiracy in connection with a potential sale of stock by the KT4 Plaintiffs to a third party. The KT4 Plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages, interest, fees, and costs. On August 30, 2019, BTIG, LLC (the “BTIG Plaintiff”), the alleged broker of the potential sale of stock that is the subject of the KT4 Plaintiffs’ December 2017 action, filed an action in the Delaware Superior Court against the Company and Disruptive Technology Advisers LLC. The complaint alleges tortious interference with prospective economic advantage and civil conspiracy in connection with the same potential sale of stock at issue in the KT4 Plaintiffs’ action by a group of sellers purportedly represented by the BTIG Plaintiff to a third party. The BTIG Plaintiff is seeking compensatory and punitive damages, interest, fees, and costs. The Company believes these lawsuits are without merit and is vigorously defending itself against them. Given the uncertainty of litigation it may be reasonably possible that the Company will incur a loss with regards to these matters; however, it cannot currently estimate a range of possible losses. Accordingly, the Company is unable at this time to estimate the overall effects that may result from these cases on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. As of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company was not aware of any currently pending legal matters or claims, individually or in the aggregate, that are expected to have a material adverse impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. Warranties and Indemnification The Company generally provides a warranty for its software products and services and a service level agreement (“SLA”) for the Company’s performance of software operations via its operations and maintenance (“O&M”) services to its customers. The Company’s products are generally warranted to perform substantially as described in the associated product documentation during the subscription term or for a period of up to 90 days where the software is hosted by the customer; and the Company includes O&M services as part of its subscription and license agreements to support this warranty and maintain the operability of the software. The Company’s services 24 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) are generally warranted to be performed in a professional manner and by an adequate staff with knowledge about the products. In the event there is a failure of such warranties, the Company generally is obligated to correct the product or service to conform to the warranty provision, as set forth in the applicable SLA, or, if the Company is unable to do so, the customer is entitled to seek a refund of the purchase price of the product and service (generally prorated over the contract term). Due to the absence of historical warranty claims, the Company’s expectations of future claims related to products under warranty continue to be insignificant. The Company has not recorded warranty expense or related accruals as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The Company generally agrees to indemnify its customers against legal claims that the Company’s software products infringe certain third-party intellectual property rights and accounts for its indemnification obligations. In the event of such a claim, the Company is generally obligated to defend its customer against the claim and to either settle the claim at the Company’s expense or pay damages that the customer is legally required to pay to the third-party claimant. In addition, in the event of an infringement, the Company generally agrees to secure the right for the customer to continue using the infringing product; to modify or replace the infringing product; or, if those options are not commercially practicable, to refund the cost of the software, as prorated over the period. To date, the Company has not been required to make any payment resulting from infringement claims asserted against its customers and does not believe that the Company will be liable for such claims in the foreseeable future. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for infringement costs as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The Company has obligations under certain circumstances to indemnify each of the defendant directors and certain officers against judgments, fines, settlements, and expenses related to claims against such directors and certain officers and otherwise to the fullest extent permitted under the law and the Company’s bylaws and Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Contingent Compensation During 2008, the Company formed a retention plan for certain employees and other service providers that were previously focused on the development of certain products of the Company relating to the financial industry (“Retention Plan”). The Company had not accrued any amounts under the Retention Plan, as of December 31, 2019 as payments were contingent on future events that were not considered probable. During August 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors determined no amounts were payable under the Retention Plan and the Retention Plan was terminated. 9. Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) During September 2020, the Company filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which became effective on the date of its filing. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorized the issuance of a total of 20,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 2,700,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 1,005,000 shares of Class F common stock, and 2,000,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. Substantially concurrently with the filing and acceptance of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation in connection with the Direct Listing, each of the Founders exchanged 335,000 shares of their Class B common stock for an equivalent number of shares of Class F common stock. The Company’s Class A, Class B, and Class F common stock all have the same rights, except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Class A and Class B common stock have voting rights of 1 and 10 votes per share, respectively. The Class F common stock has a variable number of votes and is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder thereof, into one share of Class B common stock. All shares of Class F common stock are held by a voting trust established by the Founders. The Class F common stock generally give the Founders the 25 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) ability to control up to 49.999999% of the total voting power of the Company’s capital stock, so long as the Founders and certain of their affiliates collectively meet a minimum ownership threshold, which was 100.0 million of the Company’s equity securities as of September 30, 2020. Holders of Class A, Class B, and Class F common stock are entitled to dividends when, as and, if declared by the Company’s Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights to dividends. No dividends have been declared as of September 30, 2020. During the nine months ended September 30, 2020 the Company sold a total of 206,500,523 shares of its Class A common stock at a price of $4.65 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $942.5 million, net of issuance costs of $17.7 million. Included in these sales were 107,526,881 shares of Class A common stock sold to SOMPO, a partner investor in the Company’s equity method investee, Palantir Japan. In connection with the Direct Listing in September 2020, all outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock were converted into 4,017,378 and 793,725,807 shares of Class B common stock, respectively, and 1,005,000 shares of Class B common stock held by the Founders were exchanged for an equal number of shares of Class F common stock. The following represented the total authorized, issued, and outstanding shares for each class of common stock: Treasury Stock On April 30, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the retirement of all shares of treasury stock. Retirement of treasury stock was recorded as a reduction of common stock and additional paid-in capital. As of September 30, 2020, the Company held no shares as treasury stock. 10. Warrants During the three months ended September 30, 2020, a warrant for 2,586,208 shares of Series D preferred stock with a strike price of $0.7406 was cashless exercised and net settled into 2,380,034 shares of Series D convertible preferred stock. Additionally, a warrant for 7,632,154 shares of Class B common stock with a strike price of $0.001 was cashless exercised and net settled into 7,631,329 shares of Class B common stock. Upon the effectiveness of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation filed in connection with the Direct Listing, all of the outstanding preferred stock warrants were converted into common stock warrants. As a result of the conversion, the warrants became equity-classified and the warrants liability was reclassified to additional paid-in capital. 26 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) As of September 30, 2020, warrants outstanding include warrants to purchase 5,211,093 shares of Class B common stock with a strike price of $6.13 per share, and warrants to purchase 814,666 shares of Class B common stock with a strike price of $3.51 per share. The warrants expire in between December 2021 to January 2025. In addition, the Company has warrants outstanding to purchase up to 13,042,415 shares of Class B common stock that will be automatically net exercised upon a Qualifying IPO, which did not include the Company’s Direct Listing, and only if the valuation of the Company immediately prior to such IPO (“IPO Valuation”) is less than $12.9 billion. These warrants expire in November 2023 and, as of September 30, 2020, were considered not probable of vesting. 11. Stock-Based Compensation 2010 Equity Incentive Plan In 2010, the Company adopted the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (“Amended 2010 Equity Incentive Plan”, or “2010 Plan”). The 2010 Plan permitted the granting of incentive stock options (“ISOs”), non-statutory stock options (“NSOs”), stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted stock, RSUs, and growth units to eligible participants. Under the 2010 Plan, the exercise price of options granted generally was at least equal to the fair market value of the applicable class of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. Options and other equity awards become vested and, if applicable, exercisable based on terms determined by the Board of Directors or other plan administrator on the date of grant (or per later modification), which was typically five years for new employees and varies for subsequent grants. Under the 2010 Plan, unless provided otherwise for an applicable award, the vesting and exercisability of awards accelerates by 25% on a change in control, if the award holder remains a service provider as of or immediately prior to such event. The 2010 Plan was terminated prior to the Company’s Direct Listing, and no additional awards will be granted under the 2010 Plan. However, the 2010 Plan will continue to govern the terms and conditions of the outstanding awards previously granted under the 2010 Plan. 2020 Executive Equity Incentive Plan In August 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the 2020 Executive Equity Incentive Plan (the “Executive Equity Plan”). The Executive Equity Plan permitted the granting NSOs and RSUs to the Company’s employees, consultants, and directors. A total of 165,900,000 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock were reserved for issuance under the Executive Equity Plan. During August 2020, options to purchase 162,000,000 shares of Class B common stock and restricted stock units covering 3,900,000 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock were granted to certain officers and all were outstanding as of September 30, 2020. The Executive Equity Plan was terminated prior to the Company’s Direct Listing, and no additional awards will be granted under the Executive Equity Plan. However, the Executive Equity Plan will continue to govern the terms and conditions of the outstanding awards previously granted under the Executive Equity Plan. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan In September 2020, prior to the Direct Listing, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (“2020 Plan”). The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of ISOs, NSOs, restricted stock, RSUs, SARs, and performance awards to the Company’s employees, directors, and consultants. A total of 150,000,000 shares 27 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) of the Company’s Class A common stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2020 Plan. In addition, the number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan includes the number of shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock subject to awards under the Company’s Amended 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and Executive Equity Plan. Shares of Class B common stock added to the 2020 Plan from the 2010 Plan or Executive Equity Plan are reserved for issuance under the Company’s 2020 Plan as Class A common stock. The number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan will also include an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2022, equal to the least of: Under the 2020 Plan, the exercise price of options granted is generally at least equal to the fair market value of the Company’s Class A common stock on the date of grant. The term of an ISO generally may not exceed ten years. Additionally, the exercise price of any ISO granted to a 10% stockholder shall not be less than 110% of the estimated fair value of the common stock on the date of grant, and the term of such option grant shall not exceed five years. Options and other equity awards become vested and, if applicable, exercisable based on terms determined by the Board of Directors or an other plan administrator on the date of grant, which is typically five years for new employees and varies for subsequent grants. Stock Options The following table summarizes stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): As of September 30, 2020, the unrecognized expense related to options outstanding was $1.2 billion, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of 8.07 years. Additionally, as of September 30, 2020, there were 100,000 cash-settled SARs outstanding and exercisable at an exercise price of $2.70 per share. No SARs were granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2020. 28 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Stock Option Modifications During the nine months ended September 30, 2020, the Company modified 37,451,458 fully vested and outstanding options that were approaching expiration. The extension of the original options was recorded as a stock option modification whereby the incremental fair value of each option was determined at the date of the modification and $9.4 million was immediately recognized related to vested options. The weighted average extended term for the modified options was approximately 0.46 years. In June 2020, the Company repriced 235,885,337 stock options. As part of the repricing, the original options were canceled and new options were granted with an exercise price of $4.72 per share and a remaining contractual term of ten years. The new options were generally subject to the same service-based vesting schedule as the original options. The repricing was recorded as a stock option modification whereby the incremental fair value of each option was determined at the date of the modification and $74.0 million was immediately recognized related to vested options in June 2020 and an additional $4.5 million was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2020, there was remaining incremental fair value of $27.0 million which will be recognized over the remaining requisite service period. RSUs The following table summarizes the RSU activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2020: The performance-based vesting condition for all RSUs was satisfied upon the Company’s Direct Listing, September 30, 2020. Upon such satisfaction, 68,149,214 RSUs, for which the service-based vesting condition was met as of such date, vested and converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock. As a result, the Company recognized $769.5 million in cumulative stock-based compensation expense using the accelerated attribution method from the grant date. As of September 30, 2020, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs outstanding was $1.0 billion, which the Company expects to recognize over 3.13 years. Growth Units In May 2019, the Company granted growth units which vest upon the satisfaction of both a performance-based vesting condition, which was satisfied upon the Company’s Direct Listing, and a service-based vesting condition. Growth units have a formula used to calculate the number of shares of the Company’s common stock that would be earned by the holder upon the satisfaction of all vesting criteria. Upon the Direct Listing, the Company recognized $8.4 million in cumulative stock-based compensation expense using the accelerated attribution method from the service start date through the effective date of the Direct 29 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Listing. As of September 30, 2020, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the 3,582,674 growth units outstanding was $2.4 million, which the Company expects to recognize over the remainder of the 180-day service period following the Direct Listing. Upon satisfaction of the 180-day service period, the outstanding growth units will fully vest and convert into 1.5 million shares of common stock. Stock-based Compensation Expense Total stock-based compensation expense was as follows (in thousands): Related Party Non-Recourse Note In November 2016, the Company entered into a non-recourse promissory note to lend an employee director $25.9 million, which was secured by 10,500,000 shares of the Company common stock held by the employee director (“pledged collateral”). Such arrangement was accounted for as a stock option issued to the employee, and the Company recorded the related stock-based compensation expense upon the issuance of the note. The promissory note accrued interest at a rate of 1.5% per annum, compounded semi-annually. In August 2020, the Company received a payment of $26.6 million for a portion of the principal and accrued interest on the outstanding non-recourse promissory note in the form of 3,500,000 shares of common stock based on the fair market value of the common stock on the date of repayment. The Company forgave the remaining $0.8 million owed under the note, guaranteed the employee director a tax neutrality payment to cover his additional tax liability associated with the transaction, and terminated its security interest in the remaining shares of common stock that were originally pledged as collateral. The forgiveness of the remaining debt and the provision of the tax neutrality payment was accounted for as a modification to the original stock option, and the Company recorded additional stock-based compensation expense of $4.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2020, the Company paid $0.8 million in tax neutrality payments and accrued a $4.0 million liability for its estimate of the remaining amount to be paid to the employee director. 12. Income Taxes The Company recorded a benefit from income taxes of $8.5 million and a provision (benefit) for income taxes $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and a benefit from income taxes of $5.0 million and a provision (benefit) for income taxes of $8.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. as well as other tax jurisdictions in which it conducts business. The change in provision (benefit) for income taxes was primarily due to decreases in profits from the Company’s international operations, benefits from stock-based compensation windfalls, and the revaluation of its United Kingdom (“UK”) deferred tax assets as a result of a change in the UK corporate tax rate enacted during the current quarter. 30 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in future periods. The Company assesses its ability to realize the deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis and it establishes a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company weighs all available positive and negative evidence, including its earnings history and results of recent operations, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. Due to the weight of objectively verifiable negative evidence, including its history of losses in certain jurisdictions, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets will not be fully realized. Accordingly, the Company has maintained a valuation allowance on its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. The Company’s effective rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the valuation allowance recorded on its U.S. federal losses, foreign income taxed at different rates, non-deductible of stock-based compensation, and withholding tax expense. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted on March 27, 2020 in the United States. The CARES Act and related notices include several significant provisions, including delaying certain payroll tax payments, mandatory transition tax payments under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act, and estimated income tax payments that the Company is deferring to future periods. The CARES Act did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial results, including on its annual estimated effective tax rate or on its liquidity. The Company will continue to monitor and assess the impact the CARES Act and similar legislation in other countries may have on its business and financial results. 13. Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 31 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) The following outstanding potentially dilutive common stock equivalents have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the periods presented due to their anti-dilutive effect: 14. Segment and Geographic Information The following reporting segment tables reflect the results of the Company’s reportable operating segments consistent with the manner in which the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) evaluates the performance of each segment and allocates the Company’s resources. The CODM does not evaluate the performance of the Company’s assets on a segment basis for internal management reporting and, therefore, such information is not presented. Contribution is used, in part, to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, each of the segments. Segment contribution is segment revenue less the related costs of revenue and sales and marketing expenses. It excludes certain operating expenses that are not allocated to segments because they are separately managed at the consolidated corporate level. These unallocated costs include stock-based compensation expense, research and development expenses, and general and administrative expenses. 32 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Financial information for each reportable segment was as follows (in thousands): The reconciliation of segment financial information to loss from operations is as follows (in thousands): Geographic Information Revenue by geography is based on the customer’s headquarters or agency location at the time of sale. Revenue is as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 33 Table of Contents Palantir Technologies Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 34 Table of Contents The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in our final prospectus (the “Prospectus”) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) on September 30, 2020. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations, and beliefs, involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. You should review the section titled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for a discussion of forward-looking statements and the section titled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. Overview We founded the company in 2003 to build software for use in counterterrorism operations. In 2008, we released our first platform, Palantir Gotham (“Gotham”), for customers in the intelligence sector. Gotham enables users to identify patterns hidden deep within datasets, ranging from signals intelligence sources to reports from confidential informants. Defense agencies in the United States then began using Gotham to investigate potential threats and to help protect soldiers from improvised explosive devices. Today, the platform is widely used by government agencies in the United States and its allies. Our software is on the front lines, sometimes literally, and that means so are we. We later began working with leading companies across industries, including companies in the energy, transportation, financial services, and healthcare sectors. In 2016, we released our second software platform, Palantir Foundry (“Foundry”), to address a common set of challenges that we saw at large companies. Foundry is becoming a central operating system not only for individual institutions but also for entire industries. In 2017, for example, our partnership with Airbus expanded into a platform for the aviation industry, and today connects data from more than one hundred airlines and 9,000 aircraft around the world. We believe that every large institution faces challenges that our platforms were designed to address. Our focus in the near term is to build partnerships with institutions that have the leadership necessary to effect structural change within their organizations — to reconstitute their operations around data. Over the long term, we believe that every large institution in the markets we serve is a potential partner. Direct Listing On September 30, 2020, we completed a direct listing of our Class A common stock (the “Direct Listing”), on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”). Immediately prior to the direct listing and the filing of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, all outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible preferred stock were converted into 797,743,185 shares of our Class B common stock, and all of our outstanding preferred stock warrants were converted into common stock warrants, which resulted in the reclassification of the warrants liability to additional paid-in capital. Additionally, our restricted stock units 35 Table of Contents (“RSUs”) had a performance vesting condition that was satisfied upon the completion of the Direct Listing. Accordingly, the Direct Listing resulted in the vesting and settlement of RSUs covering 68,149,214 shares of Class A common stock and as a result we recorded cumulative stock-based compensation of $769.5 million on September 30, 2020. In addition, we incurred fees related to financial advisory, accounting, legal and other professional services related to the Direct Listing and public company readiness initiatives and recorded $53.7 million and $56.2 million primarily in general and administrative expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. Our Business For the three months ended September 30, 2020, we generated $289.4 million in revenue, reflecting a 52% growth rate from the three months ended September 30, 2019, when we generated $190.5 million in revenue. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020, we generated $770.6 million in revenue, reflecting a 50% growth rate from the nine months ended September 30, 2019, when we generated $513.2 million in revenue. As of September 30, 2020, we had 132 customers, including leading companies in various commercial sectors as well as government agencies around the world. We define a customer as an organization from which we have recognized revenue in a reporting period. For large government agencies, where a single institution has multiple divisions, units, or subsidiary agencies, each such division, unit, or subsidiary agency that enters into a separate contract with us and is invoiced as a separate entity is treated as a separate customer. For example, while the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Centers for Disease Control, and National Institutes of Health are subsidiary agencies of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, we treat each of those agencies as a separate customer given that the governing structures and procurement processes of each agency are independent. We have built lasting and significant customer relationships with some of the world’s leading government institutions and companies. Our average revenue per customer in the nine months ended September 30, 2020 was $5.8 million, which grew 38% from $4.2 million per customer in the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Our top twenty customers, based on our revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2020, generated $471.1 million in revenue, or 61% of our total revenue in that period. From those top twenty customers, we generated an average revenue per customer of $23.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2020, which grew 36% from $17.4 million per customer in the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) Impact As a result of COVID-19, we have taken precautionary measures in order to minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, our customers, and the communities in which we operate, including the suspension of all non-essential business travel of employees and the temporary closure of all of our major offices. Although the majority of our workforce currently works remotely, there has been minimal disruption in our ability to ensure the effective operation of our software platforms. The economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic have been challenging for certain of our customers and prospective customers. While the broader implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance remain uncertain, the COVID-19 pandemic has, to date, not had a material adverse impact on our results of operations. The economic effects of the pandemic and resulting societal changes are currently not predictable. The pandemic has made clear to many of our customers that accommodating the extended timelines ordinarily required to realize results from implementing new software solutions is not an option during a crisis. As a result, 36 Table of Contents customers are increasingly adopting our software, which can be ready in days, over internal software development efforts, which may take months or years. We have seen a decrease in our travel and office-related expenditures, including temporary closures of our offices globally and reductions in related operating expenses, related to the ongoing pandemic. However, improvement of our contribution metric in the first nine months of this year has also been driven by the expansion of existing customer accounts, improved sales efficiency, and the increasing deployment of centralized hosting and other software deployment infrastructure. While we expect our travel and office-related expenditures to increase moving forward, especially once we reopen our offices, we do not expect such expenditures to return to their pre-pandemic levels, given that we have made significant investments in enabling employees to work with customers remotely. See the section titled “ Risk Factors ” included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our final Prospectus for further discussion of the possible impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Expansion & Growth We expanded into the commercial sector in recent years. In the three months ended September 30, 2020, 44% of our revenue came from commercial customers and 56% came from government agencies. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020, 45% of our revenue came from commercial customers and 55% came from government agencies. Large organizations in the commercial and government sectors face similar challenges when it comes to managing data, and we intend to expand our reach in both markets moving forward. We have also expanded significantly outside the United States. In the three months ended September 30, 2020, we generated 54% of our revenue from customers in the United States and the remaining 46% from customers abroad. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020, we generated 51% of our revenue from customers in the United States and the remaining 49% from customers abroad. Our operating results have improved significantly in recent years when excluding stock-based compensation. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, we incurred losses from operations of $847.8 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, or losses from operations of $0.8 million and income from operations of $11.8 million, respectively, when excluding stock-based compensation. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019, our losses from operations were $144.1 million and $429.0 million, respectively, or $92.4 million and $264.3 million, respectively, when excluding stock-based compensation. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020, our gross profit was $488.5 million, reflecting a gross margin of 63%, or 79% when excluding stock-based compensation. In the nine months ended September 30, 2019, our gross profit was $346.7 million, reflecting a gross margin of 68%, or 71% when excluding stock-based compensation. In the three months ended September 30, 2020, our gross profit was $140.0 million, reflecting a gross margin of 48%, or 81% when excluding stock-based compensation. In the three months ended September 30, 2019, our gross profit was $125.5 million, reflecting a gross margin of 66%, or 70% when excluding stock-based compensation. Our Business Model Our customers pay us to use the software platforms we have built. As of September 30, 2020, we expect to generate revenue under our existing customer contracts for an additional 3.6 years on average, including existing contractual obligations and assuming that our customers exercise all of the contractual options available to them, although this may change as we enter into new contracts or if 37 Table of Contents customers terminate for convenience. We calculate this duration on a dollar-weighted basis to adjust for small deals. The timing of our customer billings and receipt of payments varies from contract to contract. Revenue is generally recognized over the contract term. Our contracts generally include terms that allow the customer to terminate the contract for convenience. Our business model with respect to acquiring and growing our accounts has three phases: (1) Acquire, (2) Expand, and (3) Scale. We categorize all customers into cohorts on December 31st each year. Our decisions about which customer relationships require further investment may change over time, based on our assessment of the potential long-term value that our software can generate for them. As a result, customers may move back and forth through phases, as relationship needs and our assessment of the merits of further investment change. We enter into initial pilots with customers, generally at our own expense and without a guarantee of future returns, in order to access a unique set of opportunities that others may pass over for lack of resources and shorter investment horizons. Some customers may have a rapid Acquire phase followed by a long Expand phase. Others may skip the Expand phase altogether and move immediately into the Scale phase. We manage customers at the account level, not by industry or sector, so that we can optimize on the specific growth opportunities for each. In 2019, we generated a total of $742.6 million in revenue, of which $0.6 million came from customers in the Acquire phase, $176.3 million came from customers in the Expand phase, and $565.7 million came from customers in the Scale phase. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020, those same customers from 2019 generated a total of $747.7 million in revenue. New customers acquired during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 generated an additional $22.8 million in revenue and will be assigned a cohort as of December 31, 2020. A more detailed discussion of the three phases, for purposes of illustration of how we manage accounts across the business, follows below. Acquire We actively pursue discussions with existing and prospective customers in order to identify ways in which our software platforms can provide long-term value. In the first phase, we typically acquire new opportunities with minimal risk to our customers through short-term pilot deployments of our software platforms at no or low cost to them. We believe in proving the value of our platforms to our customers. During these short-term pilots, we operate the accounts at a loss. We believe that our investments during this phase will drive future revenue growth. We define a customer or potential customer as being in the Acquire phase if, as of the end of a calendar year, we have recognized less than $100,000 in revenue from the customer that respective year. Customers may make nominal payments in connection with the evaluation of our software that we do not consider material in evaluating the performance of our accounts. We evaluate the success of customer accounts in the Acquire phase based on the revenue such accounts generate in the following year. In 2019, we generated $0.6 million in revenue from customers in the Acquire phase, which yielded a contribution loss of $65.4 million. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020, those same customers generated $41.1 million in revenue which yielded a contribution loss of $4.2 million. 38 Table of Contents Expand Our investment in this second phase is often significant as we seek to understand the principal challenges faced by our customers and ensure that our software delivers value and results. We define a customer in the Expand phase as any customer from which we have recognized more than $100,000 in revenue in a calendar year and whose account had a negative contribution margin during the year at issue, as determined as of the end of the year. In this phase, we operate at a loss, as measured by contribution margin, in order to drive future revenue growth and margin expansion. In 2019, we generated $176.3 million in revenue from customers that were in the Expand phase as of the end of that year, with a contribution margin of (43)%. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020, those same customers generated $254.4 million in revenue, with a contribution margin of 41%. Scale As customer accounts mature, our investment costs relative to revenue generally decrease, while the value our software provides to our customer increases, often significantly, as usage of the platform increases across the customer’s operations. In this third phase, after having installed and configured the software across an entire enterprise, customers become more self-sufficient in their use of our platforms, including developing software and applications that run on top of our platforms, while still continuing to benefit from the support of our operations and maintenance (“O&M”) services. We define a customer in the Scale phase as any customer from which we recognized more than $100,000 in revenue in a calendar year and whose account had a positive contribution margin during the year at issue, as determined as of the end of the year. It is in the Scale phase of our partnerships with customers that we generally see contribution margin on particular accounts improve. In 2019, we generated $565.7 million in revenue from customers in the Scale phase, with a contribution margin of 55%. In the nine months ended September 30, 2020, those same customers generated $452.2 million in revenue with a contribution margin of 69%. We believe that our customers will move into the Scale phase over the long term. We also believe that contribution margin for Scale phase accounts will increase further as we become more efficient at deploying our software platforms across the entirety of our customers’ operations and at managing and operating our software. Government Contracts Our partnerships with government agencies in the United States and abroad have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our business. As of September 30, 2020, the total remaining deal value of the contracts that we had been awarded by government agencies in the United States and allied countries around the world, including existing contractual obligations and contractual options available to those government agencies, was $1.3 billion, up 14% from December 31, 2019, when the total value of such contracts was $1.1 billion. When calculating the total value of such contracts, we do not include government contracts totaling $2.6 billion, as of September 30, 2020, that we have been awarded where the funding of such contracts — also known as indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (“IDIQ”) contracts — has not yet been determined. Funding of such contracts is not guaranteed. The majority of our government contracts are subject to termination for convenience provisions, and the U.S. federal government is prohibited from exercising contract options more than one year in advance. As a result, there can be no guarantee that our contracts with government customers will not be terminated or that contract options will be exercised. 39 Table of Contents Key Business Measure In addition to the measures presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the following key non-GAAP business measure to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Contribution Margin We believe that the revenue we generate relative to the costs we incur in order to generate such revenue is an important measure of the efficiency of our business. We define contribution margin as revenue less our cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, divided by revenue. At the end of each year, we categorize each customer account into one of the three phases based on its revenue and contribution margin for that year. Revenue is allocated to each customer account directly. The cost of revenue and sales and marketing costs include both the costs associated with the deployment and operation of our software as well as expenses associated with identifying new customers and expanding partnerships with existing ones. Our software engineers working with existing customers often manage the deployment and operation of our platforms as well as identify new ways that those platforms can be used. To calculate the contribution by customer, we allocate cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, to an account pro rata based on headcount and time spent on the account during the period. To the extent certain costs or personnel are not directly assigned to a specific account, they are allocated pro rata based on total headcount staffed during such period. Direct costs, such as third-party cloud hosting services, are directly allocated to the account to which they relate. Contribution margin, both across our business and on specific customer accounts, is intended to capture how much we have earned from customers after accounting for the costs associated with deploying and operating our software, as well as any sales and marketing expenses involved in acquiring and expanding our partnerships with those customers, including allocated overhead. We exclude stock-based compensation as it is a non-cash expense. We believe that our contribution margin across the business and on specific customer accounts provides an important measure of the efficiency of our operations over time. We have included contribution margin because it is a key measure used by our management to evaluate our performance, and we believe that it also provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team. Our calculation of contribution margin may differ from similarly titled measures, if any, reported by other companies. Contribution margin should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. For more information about contribution margin, including the limitations of this measure, and a reconciliation to loss from operations, see the section titled “— Non-GAAP Reconciliations ” below. 40 Table of Contents Non-GAAP Reconciliations We use the non-GAAP measures contribution margin; gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation; and income (loss) from operations, excluding stock-based compensation to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We exclude stock-based compensation, which is a non-cash expense, from these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe that excluding this item provides meaningful supplemental information regarding operational performance and provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team. Our definitions may differ from the definitions used by other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition, other companies may not publish these or similar metrics. Further, these metrics have certain limitations, as they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. Thus, our non-GAAP contribution margin; gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation; and income (loss) from operations, excluding stock-based compensation should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by providing reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures. We encourage investors and others to review our business, results of operations, and financial information in its entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure, and to view these non-GAAP measures in conjunction with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Contribution Margin The following table provides a reconciliation of contribution margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands, except percentages): 41 Table of Contents Gross Profit and Gross Margin, Excluding Stock-Based Compensation The following table provides a reconciliation of gross profit and gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands, except percentages): Income (Loss) from Operations, Excluding Stock-Based Compensation The following table provides a reconciliation of income (loss) from operations, excluding stock-based compensation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands): Components of Results of Operations Revenue We generate revenue from the sale of subscriptions to access our software in our hosted environment with O&M services (“Palantir Cloud”), software subscriptions in our customers’ environments with ongoing O&M services (“On-Premises Software”), and professional services. Palantir Cloud Our Palantir Cloud subscriptions grant customers the right to access the software functionality in a hosted environment controlled by Palantir and are sold together with stand-ready O&M services, as further described below. We promise to provide continuous access to the hosted software throughout the contract term. Revenue associated with Palantir Cloud subscriptions is recognized over the contract term on a ratable basis, which is consistent with the transfer of control of the Palantir services to the customer. On-Premises Software Sales of our software subscriptions grant customers the right to use functional intellectual property, either on their internal hardware infrastructure or on their own cloud instance, over the contractual term and are also sold together with stand-ready O&M services. O&M services include critical updates and support and maintenance 42 Table of Contents services required to operate the software and, as such, are necessary for the software to maintain its intended utility over the contractual term. Because of this requirement, we have concluded that the software subscriptions and O&M services, which together we refer to as our On-Premises Software, are highly interdependent and interrelated and represent a single distinct performance obligation within the context of the contract. Revenue is generally recognized over the contract term on a ratable basis. Professional Services Our professional services support the customers’ use of the software and include, as needed, on-demand user support, user-interface configuration, training, and ongoing ontology and data modeling support. Professional services contracts typically include the provision of on-demand professional services for the duration of the contractual term. These services are typically coterminous with a Palantir Cloud or On-Premises Software subscriptions. Professional services are on-demand, whereby we perform services throughout the contract period; therefore, the revenue is recognized over the contractual term. Cost of Revenue Cost of revenue primarily includes salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in performing O&M and professional services, as well as third-party cloud hosting services, allocated overhead, and other direct costs. We expect that cost of revenue will increase in absolute dollars as our revenue grows and will vary from period-to-period as a percentage of revenue. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing efforts span all stages of our sales cycle, including personnel engaging with or executing pilots at new or existing customers. Sales and marketing costs primarily include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in executing on pilots and customer growth activities, as well as third-party cloud hosting services for our pilots, marketing and sales event-related costs, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing costs are generally expensed as incurred. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our potential and current customers, in growing our business and enhancing our brand awareness. Research and Development Our research and development efforts are aimed at continuing to develop and refine our platforms, including adding new features and modules, increasing their functionality, and enhancing the usability of our platforms. Research and development costs primarily include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in performing the activities to develop and refine our platforms, internal use third-party cloud hosting services and other IT-related costs, and allocated overhead. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We plan to continue to invest in personnel to support our research and development efforts. As a result, we expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest to support these activities. General and Administrative General and administrative costs include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in our executive, finance, legal, human resources, and administrative functions, as well as third-party professional services and fees, and allocated overhead. 43 Table of Contents We expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we hire additional personnel and enhance our systems, processes, and controls to support the growth in our business as well as our increased compliance and reporting requirements as a public company. Interest Income Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash balances. Interest Expense Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense and commitment fees incurred under our credit facilities. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign currency exchange gains and losses and our share of income and losses from our equity method investments. Change in Fair Value of Warrants The change in the fair value of warrants consists of the net changes in the fair value of our liability classified warrants to purchase redeemable convertible and convertible preferred stock that were remeasured at the end of each reporting period. In connection with the Direct Listing, all of the Company’s outstanding preferred stock warrants were converted into common stock warrants, which resulted in the reclassification of the warrants liability to additional paid-in capital. As such, we do not expect additional charges related to the fair value of these warrants. Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes Provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of income taxes related to foreign and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Segments We have two operating segments, commercial and government, which were determined based on the manner in which the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), who is our chief executive officer, manages our operations for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating performance. Various factors, including our organizational and management reporting structure and customer type, were considered in determining these operating segments. Our operating segments are described below: Segment profitability is evaluated based on contribution and contribution margin, which is segment revenue less the related costs of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense. To the extent costs of revenue or sales and marketing expenses are not directly attributable to a particular segment, they are allocated based upon headcount at each segment during the period. We use it, in part, to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, each of our segments. It excludes certain operating expenses that are not allocated to segments because they are separately managed at the consolidated corporate level. These 44 Table of Contents unallocated costs include stock-based compensation expense, research and development costs, and general and administrative costs, such as legal and accounting. Contribution margin is segment contribution divided by revenue. Results of Operations The following table summarizes our condensed consolidated statements of operations data (in thousands): 45 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the components of our condensed consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of revenue: Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 Revenue Revenue increased by $98.8 million, or 52%, for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. Revenue from government customers increased by $65.8 million, or 68%, for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019, primarily in the United States. Of the increase, $46.7 million was from customers existing as of December 31, 2019. Revenue from commercial customers increased by $33.1 million, or 35%, for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase is primarily due to an increase of $24.3 million from customers existing as of December 31, 2019. 46 Table of Contents Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit Cost of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2020 increased by $84.3 million, or 129%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to increases in personnel costs of $89.0 million, which included an increase of $87.2 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of cumulative stock-based compensation expense upon the Direct Listing related to the Company’s RSUs as well as vesting of stock options, and an increase of $4.3 million primarily driven by an increase in headcount attributable to cost of revenue functions to support new and existing customers. These costs were partially offset by a decrease in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs of $2.5 million as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel. Additionally, there was an increase of $2.1 million related to other direct deployment costs, offset by decreases of $3.4 million related to third-party cloud hosting services and $3.4 million related to allocated overhead, including office related expenses. Our gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2020 decreased by 18% compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. Gross margin decreased primarily as a result of cumulative stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s RSUs recognized upon the Direct Listing. For the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation would have increased by 11% to 81%. Operating Expenses Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses increased by $215.2 million, or 180%, for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily driven by increases in personnel costs of $230.2 million, which included an increase of $248.1 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of cumulative stock-based compensation expense upon the Direct Listing related to the Company’s RSUs and growth units, as well as vesting of stock options; and an increase of $8.0 million related to an increase in headcount attributable to our sales and marketing functions. These costs were partially offset by a decrease of $25.9 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel. Additionally, there was a decrease of $15.0 million related to allocated overhead, including office related expenses. 47 Table of Contents Research and Development Research and development expenses increased by $238.0 million, or 314%, for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily driven by increases in personnel costs of $244.0 million, which included an increase of $241.7 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of cumulative stock-based compensation expense upon the Direct Listing related to the Company’s RSUs as well as vesting of stock options, and an increase of $5.1 million related to an increase in headcount attributable to our research and development functions. These costs were partially offset by a decrease of $2.8 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel. Additionally, there was a decrease of $6.0 million in third-party cloud hosting services generally as a result of volume-based discounts. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses increased by $264.9 million, or 358%, for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase in expenses was primarily driven by increases in personnel costs of $220.7 million, which included an increase of $218.2 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of cumulative stock-based compensation expense upon the Direct Listing related to the Company’s RSUs and growth units, as well as vesting of stock options; and an increase of $3.2 million related to an increase in headcount attributable to our general and administrative functions; These costs partially offset by a decrease of $0.7 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs primarily as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel. Additionally, there were increases of $42.7 million in legal professional services primarily related to the Direct Listing and $8.0 million for other professional services related to the Direct Listing and corporate IT and consulting functions to support initiatives for becoming a public company and the overall growth of our operations, which were offset by a decrease of $6.5 million related to allocated overhead, including office related expenses. Interest Income Interest income decreased by $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 primarily due to a reduction in U.S. interest rates on interest earned from our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. Interest Expense Interest expense increased by $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to the absence of outstanding debt during the three months ended September 30, 2019. 48 Table of Contents Change in Fair Value of Warrants The gain on the change in fair value of warrants decreased by $10.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The change was primarily due to adjustments to the fair value of the warrants immediately before reclassifying them from a liability to equity, partially offset by an increase in the fair value of the securities underlying certain warrants during the three months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the changes in the fair value of the underlying securities during the three months ended September 30, 2019. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net decreased by $5.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 primarily due to changes in net realized and unrealized gains from foreign exchange transactions. Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes Provision (benefit) for income taxes decreased by $10.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The change in provision (benefit) for income taxes was primarily due to decreases in profits from our international operations, benefits from stock-based compensation windfalls, and the revaluation of our UK deferred tax assets as a result of a change in the UK corporate tax rate enacted during the current quarter. Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 Revenue 49 Table of Contents Revenue increased by $257.4 million, or 50%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Revenue from government customers increased by $177.4 million, or 73%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019, primarily in the United States. Of the increase, $148.5 million was from customers existing as of December 31, 2019. Revenue from commercial customers increased by $80.0 million, or 30%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase of $67.1 million from customers existing as of December 31, 2019. Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit Cost of revenue increased by $115.6 million, or 69%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to increases in personnel costs of $123.3 million, which included an increase of $103.8 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of cumulative stock-based compensation expense upon the Direct Listing related to the Company’s RSUs and vesting of stock options, as well as the incremental charge from the repricing of certain options; and an increase of $23.2 million primarily driven by an increase in headcount attributable to cost of revenue functions to support new and existing customers. These costs were partially offset by a decrease in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs of $3.7 million as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel. Such increases to cost of revenue were also offset by decreases of $6.1 million related to third-party cloud hosting services generally as a result of volume-based discounts and $2.6 million related to other direct deployment costs. Our gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 decreased by 5% compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Gross margin decreased primarily as a result of cumulative stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s RSUs recognized upon the Direct Listing. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, gross margin, excluding stock-based compensation would have increased by 8% to 79% compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Operating Expenses Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses increased by $198.8 million, or 59%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to increases in personnel costs of $215.9 million, which included an increase of $266.1 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of cumulative stock-based compensation expense upon the Direct 50 Table of Contents Listing related to the Company’s RSUs and growth units, and vesting of stock options, as well as the incremental charge from the repricing of certain options. Such increase was partially offset by decreases of $49.8 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel and $17.1 million related to allocated overhead, including office related expenses. Research and Development Research and development expenses increased by $236.8 million, or 103%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to increases in personnel costs of $250.0 million, which included an increase of $260.6 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of cumulative stock-based compensation expense upon the Direct Listing related to the Company’s RSUs and vesting of stock options, as well as the incremental charge from the repricing of certain options. Such increase was partially offset by a decrease of $10.5 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel, as well as a decrease of $11.8 million in third-party cloud hosting services generally as a result of volume-based discounts. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses increased by $294.3 million, or 141%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase in expenses was primarily driven by increases in personnel costs of $231.9 million which included an increase of $233.8 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the recognition of cumulative stock-based compensation expense upon the Direct Listing related to the Company’s RSUs and growth units, and vesting of stock options, as well as the incremental charge from the repricing of certain options; an increase of $4.1 million primarily driven by an increase in headcount attributable to general and administrative functions, $51.3 million in legal professional services primarily related to the Direct Listing and $17.9 million for other professional services related to the Direct Listing and corporate IT and consulting functions to support initiatives for becoming a public company and the overall growth of our operations. These costs were partially offset by decreases of $6.0 million in travel-related expenses and other personnel costs primarily as a result of COVID-related travel restrictions and company-wide initiatives to decrease overall travel, and $6.8 million in allocated overhead, including office related expenses. Interest Income Interest income decreased by $8.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019 primarily due to a reduction in U.S. interest rates on interest earned from our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Interest Expense Interest expense increased by $11.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to the absence of outstanding debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2019. 51 Table of Contents Change in Fair Value of Warrants The gain on the change in fair value of warrants decreased by $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The change was primarily due to adjustments to the fair value of the warrants immediately before reclassifying them from a liability to equity, partially offset by an increase in the fair value of the securities underlying certain warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net decreased by $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019 primarily due to changes in net realized and unrealized gains from foreign exchange transactions. Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes Provision (benefit) for income taxes decreased by $13.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The change in provision (benefit) for income taxes was primarily due to decreases in profits from our international operations, benefits from stock-based compensation windfalls, and the revaluation of our UK deferred tax assets as a result of a change in the UK corporate tax rate enacted during the current quarter. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since our inception, we have generated negative cash flows from operations and have financed our operations primarily through the sale of our equity securities, borrowings under our credit facilities, and payments received from our customers. For many customers, we bill and collect payment for the entire contract term in advance of our performance of the related obligations. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. As of September 30, 2020, our accumulated deficit balance was $4.8 billion, and our principal sources of liquidity were $1.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents, exclusive of additional restricted cash of $130.1 million. 52 Table of Contents Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on deposit with banks as well as institutional money market funds. Restricted cash primarily consists of cash and certificates of deposit that are held as collateral against letters of credit and guarantees we are required to maintain for various purposes. As of September 30, 2020, we had fully drawn down the $200.0 million available term commitment under the 2014 Credit Facility and had $200.0 million revolving credit facility available and undrawn. For more information, see the section titled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Credit Facilities. ” Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2020, we sold 206,500,523 shares of our Class A common stock at $4.65 per share for net proceeds of approximately $942.5 million, which is net of issuance costs of $17.7 million. The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was $278.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020. The factors affecting our operating cash flows during this period were our net loss of $1.0 billion, offset by non-cash charges of $1.0 billion, and changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $303.1 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to net decrease of $171.1 million in deferred revenue and customer deposits due to increases in revenue recognized from amounts billed and collected in prior periods, and an increase in assets of $143.3 million primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable driven by the timing of billings to and collections from our customers. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of $1.0 billion in stock-based compensation expense, and $10.3 million of depreciation and amortization. Net cash used in operating activities was $500.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The factors affecting our operating cash flows during this period were our net loss of $420.3 million, offset by non-cash charges of $171.4 million, and changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $251.2 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to net decrease of $124.7 million in deferred revenue and customer deposits due to increases in revenue recognized from amounts billed and collected in prior periods, an increase in assets of $110.6 million primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of $164.7 million in stock-based compensation expense and $9.5 million of depreciation and amortization. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was $10.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020, which consisted of purchases of property and equipment of $7.5 million and purchase of an equity method investment of $2.5 million. 53 Table of Contents Net cash used in investing activities was $10.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019, which consisted of purchases of property and equipment. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was $817.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020, which primarily consisted of $942.5 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock, $199.4 million of net proceeds from borrowings under our credit facilities, and $79.5 million of proceeds from the exercise of common stock options, partially offset by repayments of $400.0 million of debt. Net cash used in financing activities was $59.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019, which primarily consisted of $168.0 million for the redemption of redeemable convertible preferred stock, and $7.1 million net cash used for repurchases of common stock, partially offset by $100.0 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock, $9.3 million of proceeds from exercise of common stock options, and $7.5 million of proceeds from the sale of redeemable convertible preferred stock. Credit Facilities 2014 Credit Facility In October 2014, we entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility (the “2014 Credit Facility”). The 2014 Credit Facility bears interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus a margin of 2.75% per annum, subject to certain adjustments, and incurs a commitment fee of 0.375% assessed on the daily average undrawn portion of revolving commitments. Interest and commitment fees are payable at the end of an interest period or at each three-month interval if the interest period is longer than three months. In December 2019, we entered into an amendment to the 2014 Credit Facility to include an additional $150.0 million term loan and secured the credit facility with substantially all of our assets. Upon entering into this amendment, we drew down the $150.0 million term loan and $150.0 million under the existing revolving credit facility. The term loan portion of the 2014 Credit Facility was fully repaid and terminated as of December 31, 2019. In June 2020, we amended the 2014 Credit Facility to include a $150.0 million term loan, extend the maturity date to June 4, 2023, and add an additional lender. Additionally, this amendment increased the requirement to maintain minimum liquidity to $50.0 million, and we were provided with an option to increase the total commitments by up to an additional $200.0 million, subject to the lenders’ approval. All other terms and conditions remained substantially the same upon the effectiveness of the amendment. Upon entering into this amendment, we drew down the total available term loan commitment of $150.0 million. In July 2020, we entered into another amendment to the 2014 Credit Facility, which added an additional lender and provided for an increase of $50.0 million to the revolving credit facility and a $50.0 million term loan. The incremental commitments were provided under the same terms as the existing commitments under the 2014 Credit Facility. During July 2020, we drew down the additional available term loan of $50.0 million and repaid the $150.0 million outstanding revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2020, we had a $200.0 million term loan outstanding under the 2014 Credit Facility and an additional $200.0 million undrawn revolving credit facility available. Contractual Obligations and Commitments Our contractual obligations and commitments primarily consist of operating lease commitments for our facilities and non-cancelable purchase commitments related to third-party cloud hosting services. For additional 54 Table of Contents information, refer to Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There has been no material change in our contractual obligations and commitments other than in the ordinary course of business since our fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. See our Prospectus for additional information regarding the Company’s contractual obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have, during the periods presented, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates discussed in the Prospectus except for the determination of the fair value of our common stock, which is used in estimating the fair value of stock-based awards at grant date as discussed below. Prior to our Direct Listing, our common stock was not publicly traded; therefore we estimated the fair value of our common stock as discussed in the Prospectus. Following our Direct Listing, the closing sale price per share of our common stock as reported on the NYSE on the date of grant is used to determine the fair value of our common stock. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in “ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies ” in the Prospectus. JOBS Act Accounting Election We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with certain new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our condensed consolidated financial statements may or may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public companies’ effective dates. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 55 Table of Contents We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, which primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange, and inflation. Interest Rate Risk Our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash consist of cash, certificates of deposit, time deposits, and money market funds. Our investment policy and strategy are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements. We have not entered into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the short-term nature of the financial instruments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. As of September 30, 2020, we had a $200.0 million variable rate term loan outstanding that is scheduled to mature in June 2023. An immediate 10% change in LIBOR would not have a material impact on our debt-related obligations, financial position or results of operations. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk Our contracts with customers are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, with a small amount denominated in foreign currencies. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations, which are primarily in the United States, United Kingdom, and Europe. Our results of current and future operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro and GBP. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our statement of operations. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our condensed consolidated financial statements, and we have not engaged in any foreign currency hedging transactions. Inflation Risk We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 56 Table of Contents Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were, in design and operation, effective at a reasonable assurance level. Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 57 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION From time to time we are subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible losses will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. The results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable resolution in any legal proceedings could materially affect our future business, results of operations, or financial condition. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have incurred losses each year since our inception, we expect our operating expenses to increase, and we may not become profitable in the future. We have incurred losses each year since our inception, including net losses of $580.0 million and $579.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and net losses of $420.3 million and $1.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020, respectively, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. In addition, our operating expenses have increased over time. As we continue to expand our business, industry verticals, and the breadth of our operations, upgrade our infrastructure, hire additional employees, expand into new markets, invest in research and development, invest in sales and marketing, including expanding our sales organization and related sales-based payments that may come with such expansion, lease more real estate to accommodate our anticipated future growth, and incur costs associated with general administration, including expenses related to being a public company, we expect that our costs of revenue and operating expenses will continue to increase. To the extent we are successful in increasing our customer base, we may also incur increased losses because the costs associated with acquiring and growing our customers via our Acquire, Expand, and Scale business model and with research and development are generally incurred upfront, while our revenue from customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. Furthermore, our sales model often requires us to spend months and invest significant resources working with customers on pilot deployments at no or low cost to them, which may result in no or minimal future revenue. We may not be able to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset increases in our costs of revenue and operating expenses in the near term or at all, which would prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability in the future. Any failure by us to achieve, and then sustain or increase, profitability on a consistent basis could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. Although our revenue has increased in recent periods, there can be no assurances that revenue will continue to grow or do so at current rates, and you should not rely on the revenue of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate may decline in future periods. Many factors may contribute to declines in our revenue growth rate, including increased competition, slowing demand for our platforms from existing and new customers, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, terminations of existing contracts or failure to exercise existing options by our customers, and the maturation of our business, among others. If our revenue growth rate declines, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable. Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense 58 Table of Contents evaluating the specific organizational needs of our potential customers and educating these potential customers about the technical capabilities and value of our platforms and services. We often also provide our platforms to potential customers at no or low cost initially to them for evaluation purposes through short-term pilot deployments of our platforms in the Acquire phase of our business model, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to move customers from the Acquire phase into later phases. In addition, we currently have a limited direct sales force, and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant involvement of our senior management team. The length of our sales cycle, from initial demonstration of our platforms to sale of our platforms and services, tends to be long and varies substantially from customer to customer. Our sales cycle often lasts six to nine months but can extend to a year or more for some customers. Because decisions to purchase our platforms involve significant financial commitments, potential customers generally evaluate our platforms at multiple levels within their organization, each of which often have specific requirements, and typically involve their senior management. Our results of operations depend on sales to enterprise customers, which make product purchasing decisions based in part or entirely on factors, or perceived factors, not directly related to the features of the platforms, including, among others, that customer’s projections of business growth, uncertainty about economic conditions (including as a result of the recent COVID-19 outbreak), capital budgets, anticipated cost savings from the implementation of our platforms, potential preference for such customer’s internally-developed software solutions, perceptions about our business and platforms, more favorable terms offered by potential competitors, and previous technology investments. In addition, certain decisionmakers and other stakeholders within our potential customers tend to have vested interests in the continued use of internally developed or existing software, which may make it more difficult for us to sell our platforms and services. As a result of these and other factors, our sales efforts typically require an extensive effort throughout a customer’s organization, a significant investment of human resources, expense and time, including by our senior management, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in making a sale to a potential customer. If our sales efforts to a potential customer do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Historically, existing customers have expanded their relationships with us, which has resulted in a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenue. If existing customers do not make subsequent purchases from us or renew their contracts with us, or if our relationships with our largest customers are impaired or terminated, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations would be adversely impacted. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from existing customers that expand their relationships with us. Increasing the size and number of the deployments of our existing customers is a major part of our growth strategy. We may not be effective in executing this or any other aspect of our growth strategy. Our top three customers together accounted for 33% and 28% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and 29% and 27% of our revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Our top three customers by revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2019, have been with us for an average of 8 years as of December 31, 2019. Certain of our customers, including customers that represent a significant portion of our business, have in the past reduced their spend with us or terminated their agreements with us, which has reduced our anticipated future payments or revenue from these customers, and which has required us to refund some previously paid amounts to these customers. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our larger customers for our platforms and applications. While we generally offer contract terms up to five years in length, our customers sometimes enter into shorter-term contracts, such as one-year subscriptions, which may not provide for automatic renewal and may require the customer to opt-in to extend the term. Our customers have no obligation to renew, upgrade, or expand their agreements with us after the terms of their existing agreements have expired. In addition, many of our customer contracts permit the customer to terminate their contracts with us with notice periods of varying lengths, 59 Table of Contents generally three to six months. If one or more of our customers terminate their contracts with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, or for other reasons specified in our contracts, as applicable; if our customers elect not to renew their contracts with us; if our customers renew their contractual arrangements with us for shorter contract lengths; or if our customers otherwise seek to renegotiate terms of their existing agreements on terms less favorable to us, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. This adverse impact would be even more pronounced for customers that represent a material portion of our revenue or business operations. Our ability to renew or expand our customer relationships may decrease or vary as a result of a number of factors, including our customers’ satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our platforms and services, the frequency and severity of software and implementation errors, our platforms’ reliability, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our customers’ spending levels. If our customers do not renew or expand their agreements with us or if they renew their contracts for shorter lengths or on other terms less favorable to us, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our business could suffer. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our customers or if we are required to refund customer deposits. Achieving renewal or expansion of deployments may require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. In addition, our customers’ decisions to expand the deployment of our platforms depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the functioning of our platforms, the ability of our forward-deployed engineers to assist our customers in identifying new use cases, modernizing their data architectures, and achieving success with data-driven initiatives, and our customers’ satisfaction with our services. If our efforts to expand within our existing customer base are not successful, our business may suffer. Our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis in future periods and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. Our quarterly results of operations, including cash flows, have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our quarterly results, financial position, and operations are likely to fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Fluctuation in quarterly results may negatively impact the value of our Class A common stock. We typically close a large portion of our sales in the last several weeks of a quarter, which impacts our ability to plan and manage margins and cash flows. Our sales cycle is often long, and it is difficult to predict exactly when, or if, we will actually make a sale with a potential customer or when we will be able to move them to the Expand or Scale phases. As a result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large sales transactions in a quarter would impact our results of operations and cash flow for that quarter and any future quarters in which revenue from that transaction is lost or delayed. In addition, downturns in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our revenue because we generally recognize revenue over the term of our contracts. The timing of customer billing and payment varies from contract to contract. A delay in the timing of receipt of such collections, or a default on a large contract, may negatively impact our liquidity for the period and in the future. Because a substantial portion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term and require time to adjust, our results of operations and liquidity would suffer if revenue falls below our expectations in a particular period. Other factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and financial position include, without limitation, those listed below: 60 Table of Contents In addition, our contracts generally contain termination for convenience provisions, and we may be obligated to repay prepaid amounts or otherwise not realize anticipated future revenue should we fail to provide future services as anticipated. These factors make it difficult for us to accurately predict financial metrics for any particular period. The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that cover us or investors with respect to 61 Table of Contents revenue or other key metrics for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and position. Historically, the first quarter of our year generally has relatively lower sales, and sales generally increase in each subsequent quarter with substantial increases during our third and fourth quarters ending September 30 and December 31, respectively. We believe that this seasonality results from a number of factors, including: This seasonality has historically impacted and may in the future continue to impact the timing of collections and recognized revenue. Because a significant portion of our customer contracts are typically finalized near the end of the year, and we typically invoice customers shortly after entering into a contract, we receive a significant portion of our customer payments near the end of the year and record an increase in contract liabilities, while the revenue from our customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. While we have historically billed and collected payments for multiple contract years from certain customers in advance, we have and may continue to shift to collecting payments on an annual or other basis. While this has been the historical seasonal pattern of our quarterly sales, we believe that our customers’ required timing for certain new government or commercial programs requiring new software may outweigh the nature or magnitude of seasonal factors that might have influenced our business to date. As a result, we may experience future growth from additional government or commercial mandates that do not follow the seasonal purchasing and evaluation decisions by our customers that we have historically observed. For example, increased government spending on technology aimed at national defense, financial or policy regulation, cybersecurity, or healthcare mandates may drive customer demand at different times throughout our year, the timing of which we may not be able to anticipate and may cause fluctuations in our results of operations. The timing of our fiscal quarters and the U.S. federal government’s September 30 fiscal year end also may impact sales to governmental agencies in the third quarter of our year, offsetting, at least in part, the otherwise seasonal downturn we have historically observed in later summer months. Our rapid growth in recent years may obscure the extent to which seasonality trends have affected our business and may continue to affect our business. We expect that seasonality will continue to materially impact our business in the future and may become more pronounced over time. The seasonality of our business may cause continued or increased fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows, which may prevent us from achieving our quarterly or annual forecasts or meeting or exceeding the expectations of research analysts or investors, which in turn may cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. Our platforms are complex and have a lengthy implementation process, and any failure of our platforms to satisfy our customers or perform as desired could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our platforms and services are complex and are deployed in a wide variety of network environments. Implementing our platforms can be a complex and lengthy process since we often configure our existing 62 Table of Contents platforms for a customer’s unique environment. Inability to meet the unique needs of our customers may result in customer dissatisfaction and/or damage to our reputation, which could materially harm our business. Further, the proper use of our platforms requires training of the customer and the initial or ongoing services of our technical personnel as well as O&M services over the contract term. If training and/or ongoing services require more of our expenditures than we originally estimated, our margins will be lower than projected. In addition, if our customers do not use our platforms correctly or as intended, inadequate performance or outcomes may result. It is possible that our platforms may also be intentionally misused or abused by customers or their employees or third parties who obtain access and use of our platforms. Similarly, our platforms sometimes used by customers with smaller or less sophisticated IT departments, potentially resulting in sub-optimal performance at a level lower than anticipated by the customer. Because our customers rely on our platforms and services to address important business goals and challenges, the incorrect or improper use or configuration of our platforms and O&M services, failure to properly train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our platforms, or failure to properly provide implementation or analytical or maintenance services to our customers may result in contract terminations or non-renewals, reduced customer payments, negative publicity, or legal claims against us. For example, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services may result in lost opportunities for follow-on expansion sales of our platforms and services. Furthermore, if customer personnel are not well trained in the use of our platforms, customers may defer the deployment of our platforms and services, may deploy them in a more limited manner than originally anticipated, or may not deploy them at all. If there is substantial turnover of the company or customer personnel responsible for procurement and use of our platforms, our platforms may go unused or be adopted less broadly, and our ability to make additional sales may be substantially limited, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and growth prospects. If we do not successfully develop and deploy new technologies to address the needs of our customers, our business and results of operations could suffer. Our success has been based on our ability to design software and products that enable the integration of data into a common operating environment to facilitate advanced data analysis, knowledge management, and collaboration. We spend substantial amounts of time and money researching and developing new technologies and enhanced versions of existing features to meet our customers’ and potential customers’ rapidly evolving needs. There is no assurance that our enhancements to our platforms or our new product features or capabilities will be compelling to our customers or gain market acceptance. If our research and development investments do not accurately anticipate customer demand or if we fail to develop our platforms in a manner that satisfies customer preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing customers or increase demand for our platforms. The introduction of new products and services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings could make our platforms obsolete or adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing that delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new platforms, features, or capabilities. We have in the past experienced delays in our internally planned release dates of new features and capabilities, and there can be no assurance that new platforms, features, or capabilities will be released according to schedule. Any delays could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or claims by customers brought against us, any of which could harm our business. Moreover, the design and development of new platforms or new features and capabilities to our existing platforms may require substantial investment, and we have no assurance that such investments will be successful. If customers do not widely adopt our new platforms, experiences, features, and capabilities, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 63 Table of Contents Our new and existing platforms and changes to our existing platforms could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: If we are not able to continue to identify challenges faced by our customers and develop, license, or acquire new features and capabilities to our platforms in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if such enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may suffer and our anticipated revenue growth may not be achieved. Because we derive, and expect to continue to derive, substantially all of our revenue from customers purchasing our two platforms Gotham and Foundry, market acceptance of these platforms, and any enhancements or changes thereto, is critical to our success. If any of the systems of any third parties upon which we rely, our customers’ cloud or on-premises environments, or our internal systems, are breached or if unauthorized access to customer or third-party data is otherwise obtained, public perception of our platforms and O&M services may be harmed, and we may lose business and incur losses or liabilities. Our success depends in part on our ability to provide effective data security protection in connection with our platforms and services, and we rely on information technology networks and systems to securely store, transmit, index, and otherwise process electronic information. Because our platforms and services are used to store, transmit, index, or otherwise process and analyze large data sets that often contain proprietary, confidential, and/or sensitive information (including in some instances personal or identifying information and personal health information), we are perceived as an attractive target for attacks by computer hackers or others seeking unauthorized access, and we face threats of unintended exposure, exfiltration, alteration, deletion, or loss of data. Additionally, because many of our customers use our platforms to store, transmit, and otherwise process proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information, and complete mission critical tasks, they have a lower risk tolerance for security vulnerabilities in our platforms and services than for vulnerabilities in other, less critical, software products and services. We, and the third-party vendors upon which we rely, have experienced, and may in the future experience, cybersecurity threats, including threats or attempts to disrupt our information technology infrastructure and unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive or confidential information. Our and our third-party vendors’ technology systems may be damaged or compromised by malicious events, such as cyberattacks (including 64 Table of Contents computer viruses, malicious and destructive code, phishing attacks, and denial of service attacks), physical or electronic security breaches, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, personnel misconduct, and human error. Such attacks or security breaches may be perpetrated by internal bad actors, such as employees or contractors, or by third parties (including traditional computer hackers, persons involved with organized crime, or foreign state or foreign state-supported actors). Cybersecurity threats can employ a wide variety of methods and techniques, which may include the use of social engineering techniques, are constantly evolving, and have become increasingly complex and sophisticated; all of which increase the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until after they are launched against a target, we and our third-party vendors may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Although prior cyberattacks directed at us have not had a material impact on our financial results, and we are continuing to bolster our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures, we cannot guarantee that future cyberattacks, if successful, will not have a material impact on our business or financial results. While we have security measures in place to protect our information and our customers’ information and to prevent data loss and other security breaches, we have not always been able to do so and there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to anticipate or prevent security breaches or unauthorized access of our information technology systems or the information technology systems of the third-party vendors upon which we rely. Despite our implementation of network security measures and internal information security policies, data stored on personnel computer systems is also vulnerable to similar security breaches, unauthorized tampering or human error. Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of data security incidents involving certain types of data, including personal data. In addition, most of our customers, including U.S. government customers, contractually require us to notify them of data security breaches. If an actual or perceived breach of security measures, unauthorized access to our system or the systems of the third-party vendors that we rely upon, or any other cybersecurity threat occurs, we may face direct or indirect liability, costs, or damages, contract termination, our reputation in the industry and with current and potential customers may be compromised, our ability to attract new customers could be negatively affected, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Further, unauthorized access to our or our third-party vendors’ information technology systems or data or other security breaches could result in the loss of information; significant remediation costs; litigation, disputes, regulatory action, or investigations that could result in damages, material fines, and penalties; indemnity obligations; interruptions in the operation of our business, including our ability to provide new product features, new platforms, or services to our customers; damage to our operation technology networks and information technology systems; and other liabilities. Moreover, our remediation efforts may not be successful. Any or all of these issues, or the perception that any of them have occurred, could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to terminate or not renew their agreements, hinder our ability to obtain and maintain required or desirable cybersecurity certifications, and result in reputational damage, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our license arrangements with customers or in our agreements with vendors, partners, or others would be enforceable, applicable, or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We maintain cybersecurity insurance and other types of insurance, subject to applicable deductibles and policy limits, but our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all costs associated with a potential data security incident. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for cyber liability or errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could harm our financial condition. 65 Table of Contents If we fail to manage future growth effectively, our business could be harmed. Since our founding in 2003, we have experienced rapid growth. We operate in a growing market and have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant expansion of our operations. This growth has placed, and may continue to place, a strain on our employees, management systems, operational, financial, and other resources. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed larger and more complex deployments of our platforms and services with a broader base of government and commercial customers. As we continue to grow, we face challenges of integrating, developing, retaining, and motivating a rapidly growing employee base in various countries around the world. For example, our headcount has grown from 313 full-time employees as of December 31, 2010 to 2,464 full-time employees as of September 30, 2020, with employees located both in the United States and outside the United States. In the event of continued growth of our operations, our operational resources, including our information technology systems, our employee base, or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations and deployments. Managing our growth may require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources, improving our operational, financial, and management processes and systems, and effectively expanding, training, and managing our employee base. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. As our organization continues to grow, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our traditional company culture, including our ability to quickly respond to customers, and avoid formal corporate structure. This could negatively affect our business performance or ability to hire or retain personnel in the near- or long-term. In addition, our rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth. We have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with global operations in rapidly changing industries. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. If we are unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management, including Alexander Karp, one of our founders and our Chief Executive Officer, and deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand around the world, our business could suffer. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive technology industry depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified personnel. We are highly dependent on the continued contributions and customer relationships of our management and particularly on the services of Alexander Karp, our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Karp was part of our founding team and has been integral to our growth since our founding. We believe that Mr. Karp’s management experience would be difficult to replace. All of our executive officers and key personnel are at-will employees and may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. The loss of the services of our key personnel and any of our other executive officers, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in a decline in sales, delays in product development, and harm to our business and operations. At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining personnel with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all. Potential candidates may not perceive our compensation package, including our equity awards, as favorably as personnel hired prior to our listing. In addition, our recruiting personnel, methodology, and approach may need to be altered to address a changing candidate pool and profile. We may not be able to identify or implement such changes in a timely manner. In addition, we may incur significant costs to attract and recruit skilled personnel, and we may lose new personnel to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those geographic areas, but it may be challenging for us to compete with traditional 66 Table of Contents local employers in these regions for talent. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements on a timely basis or at all, our business may be harmed. In addition, certain personnel may be required to receive various security clearances and substantial training in order to work on certain customer engagements or to perform certain tasks. Necessary security clearances may be delayed or unsuccessful, which may negatively impact our ability to perform on our U.S. and non-U.S. government contracts in a timely manner or at all. Our success depends on our ability to effectively source and staff people with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our customers, including our ability to transition personnel to new assignments on a timely basis. If we are unable to effectively utilize our personnel on a timely basis to fulfill the needs of our customers, our business could suffer. Further, if we are not able to utilize the talent we need because of increased regulation of immigration or work visas, including limitations placed on the number of visas granted, limitations on the type of work performed or location in which the work can be performed, and new or higher minimum salary requirements, it could be more difficult to staff our personnel on customer engagements and could increase our costs. We face intense competition for qualified personnel, especially engineering personnel, in major U.S. markets, where a large portion of our personnel are based, as well as in other non-U.S. markets where we expect to expand our non-U.S. operations. We incur costs related to attracting, relocating, and retaining qualified personnel in these highly competitive markets, including leasing real estate in prime areas in these locations. Further, many of the companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater resources than we have. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or if the mix of equity and cash compensation that we offer is less attractive than that of our competitors, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel. Additionally, laws and regulations, such as restrictive immigration laws, may limit our ability to recruit outside of the United States. We seek to retain and motivate existing personnel through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. If we fail to attract new personnel or to retain our current personnel, our business and operations could be harmed. Volatility or lack of appreciation in the trading price of our Class A common stock may also affect our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Many of our senior personnel and other key personnel hold equity awards that vested or became exercisable in connection with our listing, which could adversely affect our ability to retain these personnel. Personnel may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested options or RSUs have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase price of the shares or the exercise price of the options, or conversely, if the exercise price of the options that they hold are significantly above the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, many of our personnel may be able to receive significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. Any of these factors could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to successfully build, expand, and deploy our marketing and sales organization in a timely manner, or at all, or to successfully hire, retain, train, and motivate our sales personnel, our growth and long-term success could be adversely impacted. We have a limited direct sales force and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant direct involvement of our senior management team, including Mr. Karp. The successful execution of our strategy to increase our sales to existing customers, identify and engage new customers, and enter new U.S. and non-U.S. markets will depend, among other things, on our ability to successfully build and expand our sales organization and operations. Identifying, recruiting, training, and managing sales personnel requires significant time, expense, and attention, including from our senior management and other key personnel, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations in the short and long term. 67 Table of Contents In order to successfully scale our unique sales model, we must, and we intend to, increase the size of our direct sales force, both in the United States and outside of the United States, to generate additional revenue from new and existing customers. If we do not hire a sufficient number of qualified sales personnel, our future revenue growth and business could be adversely impacted. It may take a significant period of time before our sales personnel are fully trained and productive, particularly in light of our unique sales model, and there is no guarantee we will be successful in adequately training and effectively deploying our sales personnel. Furthermore, hiring personnel in new countries requires additional setup and upfront costs that we may not recover if those personnel fail to achieve full productivity in a timely manner. Our business would be adversely affected if our efforts to build, expand, train, and manage our sales organization are not successful. We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels, and other internal and external considerations. Any future sales organization changes may result in a temporary reduction of productivity, which could negatively affect our rate of growth. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure the compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive and may affect our revenue growth. If we are unable to attract, hire, develop, retain, and motivate qualified sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve sufficient sales productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or at all, if our marketing programs are not effective or if we are unable to effectively build, expand, and manage our sales organization and operations, our sales and revenue may grow more slowly than expected or materially decline, and our business may be significantly harmed. Our ability to sell our platforms and satisfy our customers is dependent on the quality of our services, and our failure to offer high quality services could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Once our platforms are deployed and integrated with our customers’ existing information technology investments and data, our customers depend on our O&M services to resolve any issues relating to our platforms. Increasingly, our platforms have been deployed in large-scale, complex technology environments, and we believe our future success will depend on our ability to increase sales of our platforms for use in such deployments. Further, our ability to provide effective ongoing services, or to provide such services in a timely, efficient, or scalable manner, may depend in part on our customers’ environments and their upgrading to the latest versions of our platforms and participating in our centralized platform management and services. In addition, our ability to provide effective services is largely dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel with experience in supporting customers on platforms such as ours. The number of our customers has grown significantly, and that growth has and may continue to put additional pressure on our services teams. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for our O&M services. We also may be unable to modify the future scope and delivery of our O&M services to compete with changes in the services provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and expand outside of the United States, we need to be able to provide efficient services that meet our customers’ needs globally at scale, and our services teams may face additional challenges, including those associated with operating the platforms and delivering support, training, and documentation in languages other than English and providing services across expanded time-zones. If we are unable to provide efficient O&M services globally at scale, our ability to grow our operations may be harmed, and we may need to hire additional services personnel, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our customers typically need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our platforms to maximize the potential of our platforms. If we do not effectively deploy, update, or upgrade our platforms, succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, and provide effective ongoing services, our ability to sell additional products and services to existing customers could be adversely affected, we may face negative publicity, and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Many 68 Table of Contents enterprise and government customers require higher levels of services than smaller customers. If we fail to meet the requirements of the larger customers, it may be more difficult to execute on our strategy to increase our penetration with larger customers. As a result, our failure to maintain high quality services may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our relationships with our customers, partners, and employees may be harmed, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand identity and reputation is important to our relationships with, and to our ability to attract and retain customers, partners, investors and employees. The successful promotion of our brand depends upon our ability to continue to offer high-quality software, our relationships with our customers, the community, and others, and our ability to successfully differentiate our platforms from those of our competitors. Unfavorable media coverage may adversely affect our brand and reputation. We anticipate that as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand identity and reputation, we may fail to attract and retain employees, customers, investors, or partners, grow our business, or sustain pricing power, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Additionally, despite our internal safeguards and efforts to the contrary, we cannot guarantee that our customers will not ultimately use our platforms for purposes inconsistent with our company values, and such uses may harm our brand and reputation. Our reputation and business may be harmed by news or social media coverage of Palantir, including but not limited to coverage that presents, or relies on, inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or otherwise damaging information. Publicly available information regarding Palantir has historically been limited, in part due to the sensitivity of our work with customers or contractual requirements limiting or preventing public disclosure of our work or relationships with customers. As our business has grown and as interest in Palantir and the technology industry overall has increased, we have attracted, and may continue to attract, significant attention from news and social media outlets, including unfavorable coverage and coverage that is not directly attributable to statements authorized by our leadership, that incorrectly reports on statements made by our leadership or employees and the nature of our work, perpetuates unfounded speculation about company involvements, or that is otherwise misleading. If such news or social media coverage presents, or relies on, inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or otherwise damaging information regarding Palantir, such coverage could damage our reputation in the industry and with current and potential customers, employees, and investors, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be adversely affected. Due to the sensitive nature of our work and our confidentiality obligations, we may be unable to or limited in our ability to respond to such harmful coverage, which could have a negative impact on our business. Our relationships with government customers and customers that are engaged in certain sensitive industries, including organizations whose products or activities are or are perceived to be harmful, has resulted in public criticism, including from political and social activists, and unfavorable coverage in the media. Activists have also engaged in public protests at our properties. Activist criticism of our relationships with customers could potentially engender dissatisfaction among potential and existing customers, investors, and employees with how we address political and social concerns in our business activities. Conversely, being perceived as yielding to activism targeted at certain customers could damage our relationships with certain customers, including governments and government agencies with which we do business, whose views may or may not be aligned with those of political and social activists. Actions we take in response to the activities of our customers, up to and including terminating our contracts or refusing a particular product use case could harm our brand and reputation. In either case, the resulting harm to our reputation could: 69 Table of Contents Any of these factors could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Because we recognize a substantial portion of our revenue from our platforms and O&M services over the contractual term, downturns or upturns in new sales and renewals may not be immediately reflected in our results of operations. We generally recognize revenue from our platforms and O&M services over the contractual term. As a result, a portion of the revenue we recognize in each quarter is derived from customer contracts generally entered into during previous periods. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed contracts in any single quarter may have an immaterial impact on the revenue that we recognize for that quarter. However, such a decline would negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales or renewals, significant customer terminations, and potential changes in our contracting terms and pricing policies would not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. The timing of our revenue recognition model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any given period, as revenue is generally recognized over the applicable contractual term. Our pricing structures for our platforms and services may change from time to time. We expect that we may change our pricing model from time to time, including as a result of competition, global economic conditions, general reductions in our customers’ spending levels, pricing studies, or changes in how our platforms are broadly consumed. Similarly, as we introduce new products and services, or as a result of the evolution of our existing platforms and services, we may have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our products and services. In addition, as new and existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, or revise their pricing structures, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, as we continue to target selling our platforms and services to larger organizations, these larger organizations may demand substantial price concessions. In addition, we may need to change pricing policies to accommodate government pricing guidelines for our contracts with federal, state, local, and foreign governments and government agencies. If we are unable to modify or develop pricing models and strategies that are attractive to existing and prospective customers, while enabling us to significantly grow our sales and revenue relative to our associated costs and expenses in a reasonable period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If our customers are not able or willing to accept our product-based business model, instead of a labor-based business model, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Our platforms are generally offered on a productized basis to minimize our customers’ overall cost of acquisition, maintenance, and deployment time of our platforms. Many of our customers and potential customers are instead generally familiar with the practice of purchasing or licensing software through labor contracts, where custom software is written for specific applications, the intellectual property in such software is often owned by the customer, and the software typically requires additional labor contracts for modifications, updates, and services during the life of that specific software. Customers may be unable or unwilling to accept our model of commercial software procurement. Should our customers be unable or unwilling to accept this model of commercial software procurement, our growth could be materially diminished, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 70 Table of Contents We have entered into, and expect in the future to enter into, agreements with our customers that include exclusivity arrangements or unique contractual or pricing terms, which may result in significant risks or liabilities to us. Our contracts with our customers are typically non-exclusive, but we have historically entered into arrangements with our customers that include exclusivity provisions, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. These exclusivity provisions limit our ability to license our platforms and provide services to specific customers, or to compete in certain geographic markets and industries, which may limit our growth and negatively impact our results. In addition, we have entered into joint ventures and strategic alliances with our customers, as described below, which also limit our ability to compete in certain geographic markets or industry verticals. Historically, we have in limited circumstances entered into unique contractual and pricing arrangements with our customers, including some that may be outside of our typical scope of business, including arrangements relating to non-cash items. We face intense competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. The markets for our platforms are very competitive, and we expect such competition to continue or increase in the future. A significant number of companies are developing products that currently, or in the future may, compete with some or all aspects of our proprietary platforms. We may not be successful in convincing the management teams of our potential customers to deploy our platforms in lieu of existing software solutions or in-house software development projects often favored by internal IT departments or other competitive products and services. In addition, our competitors include large enterprise software companies, government contractors, and system integrators, and we may face competition from emerging companies as well as established companies who have not previously entered this market. Additionally, we may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, services, marketing, and sales in order to respond to competition, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages such as: In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and service offerings and may be able to leverage their relationships with distribution partners and customers based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages customers from purchasing our platforms, including by selling at zero or negative margins, product bundling, or offering closed technology platforms. Potential customers may also prefer to purchase from their existing 71 Table of Contents provider rather than a new provider regardless of platform performance or features. As a result, even if the features of our platforms offer advantages that others do not, customers may not purchase our platforms. These larger competitors often have broader product lines and market focus or greater resources and may therefore not be as susceptible to economic downturns or other significant reductions in capital spending by customers. If we are unable to sufficiently differentiate our platforms from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced functionality, performance, or value, we may see a decrease in demand for those platforms, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, new, innovative start-up companies and larger companies that are making significant investments in research and development may introduce products that have greater performance or functionality, are easier to implement or use, incorporate technological advances that we have not yet developed, or implemented or may invent similar or superior platforms and technologies that compete with our platforms. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources. Some of our competitors have made or could make acquisitions of businesses that allow them to offer more competitive and comprehensive solutions. As a result of such acquisitions, our current or potential competitors may be able to accelerate the adoption of new technologies that better address customer needs, devote greater resources to bring these products and services to market, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, or develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do. These competitive pressures in our market or our failure to compete effectively may result in fewer orders, reduced revenue and margins, and loss of market share. In addition, it is possible that industry consolidation may impact customers’ perceptions of the viability of smaller or even mid-size software firms and consequently customers’ willingness to purchase from such firms. We may not compete successfully against our current or potential competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take costly actions in response to the actions of our competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, companies competing with us may have an entirely different pricing or distribution model. Increased competition could result in fewer customer orders, price reductions, reduced margins, and loss of market share, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and security, technology protection, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business. We are subject to a variety of local, state, national, and international laws and directives and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy and data protection, data security, data storage, retention, transfer and deletion, technology protection, and personal information. Foreign data protection, data security, privacy, and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States. These U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which, depending on the regime, may be enforced by private parties or government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change, and they are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. In addition, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving software and technology industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. A number of proposals are pending before U.S. federal, state, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies that could significantly affect our business. For example, ongoing legal challenges in Europe to the mechanisms allowing companies to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area to certain other jurisdictions, including the United States, could result in further limitations on the ability to transfer data across borders, particularly if governments are unable or unwilling to reach new or maintain existing agreements that 72 Table of Contents permit cross-border data transfers. The California state legislature passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) in 2018 which regulates the processing of personal information of California residents and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information of California residents, including requiring covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, and affords such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA came into effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Attorney General may bring enforcement actions, with penalties for violations of the CCPA, commencing on July 1, 2020. While aspects of the CCPA and its interpretation remain to be determined in practice, we are committed to comply with its obligations. We cannot yet fully predict the impact of the CCPA on our business or operations, but developments regarding the CCPA and all privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to maintain compliance on an ongoing basis. Moreover, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act was recently approved by California voters, which significantly modifies the CCPA, potentially resulting in further uncertainty and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Outside of the United States, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own legal framework relating to privacy, data protection, and information security matters with which we and/or our customers must comply. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, retention, disclosure, security, transfer, and other processing of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual. Some countries and regions, including the European Union, are considering or have passed legislation that imposes significant obligations in connection with privacy, data protection, and information security that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our platforms and services, including the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) which took effect in May 2018. Complying with the GDPR or other data protection laws and regulations as they emerge may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to modify our data handling practices on an ongoing basis. Non-compliance with the GDPR specifically may result in administrative fines or monetary penalties of up to 4% of worldwide annual revenue in the preceding financial year or €20 million (whichever is higher) for the most serious infringements, and could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or other related parties and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The overarching complexity of privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world pose a compliance challenge that could manifest in costs, damages, or liability in other forms as a result of failure to implement proper programmatic controls, failure to adhere to those controls, or the malicious or inadvertent breach of applicable privacy and data protection requirements by us, our employees, our business partners, or our customers. In addition to government regulation, self-regulatory standards and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, be argued to apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards or to facilitate our customers’ compliance with such standards. Because privacy, data protection, and information security are critical competitive factors in our industry, we may make statements on our website, in marketing materials, or in other settings about our data security measures and our compliance with, or our ability to facilitate our customers’ compliance with, these standards. We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning privacy, data protection, and information security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards, or amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, or other obligations may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, and contractual and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. As these legal regimes relating to privacy, data protection, and information security continue to evolve, they may result in ever-increasing public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Furthermore, because the interpretation and application of laws, standards, contractual obligations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security are uncertain, these laws, standards, and contractual and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is, or is alleged to be, inconsistent with our data management practices, 73 Table of Contents our policies or procedures, or the features of our platforms. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our platforms, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to fulfill existing obligations, make enhancements, or develop new platforms and features could be limited. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our platforms. These existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can make our platforms and services less effective or valuable, delay or impede the development of new products, result in negative publicity, increase 