0001507605 false 0001507605 2023-10-18 2023-10-18 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 18, 2023 MARATHON DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (800) 804-1690 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 8-K and other reports filed by Registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the “Filings”) contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, Registrant’s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Registrant’s management. When used in the Filings the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “future,” “intend,” “plan” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to Registrant or Registrant’s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors relating to Registrant’s industry, Registrant’s operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by Registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. Although Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, Registrant cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, Registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. ITEM 8.01 Other Events Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) has entered into a Custodial Services Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Fidelity Digital Asset Services LLC (“Fidelity”). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company will establish one or more custodial asset accounts with Fidelity to house a portion of its digital assets. The Agreement contains details on administrative matters such as the transfer of assets into and out of the accounts, as well as on policies on trades, including order execution. The Agreement is terminable at any time by either party upon 30 days’ prior written notice to the other and is terminable without notice upon the occurrence of certain specified events. Fees are specified in the Agreement and the Agreement contains other standard provisions for a custodial services agreement of this like and tenor. ITEM 9.01 Exhibit SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Date: October 18, 2023