0001507605 false 0001507605 2022-03-31 2022-03-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2022 MARATHON DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (800) 804-1690 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 8-K and other reports filed by Registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the “Filings”) contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, Registrant’s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Registrant’s management. When used in the Filings the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “future,” “intend,” “plan” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to Registrant or Registrant’s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors relating to Registrant’s industry, Registrant’s operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by Registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. Although Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, Registrant cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, Registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. ITEM 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement See Item 5.02.below. ITEM 5.02 Appointment of Director and Executive Officers Effective March 31, 2022, Douglas Mellinger was appointed as a director to the Board of Directors of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) to fill the vacancy created by Merrick Okamoto’s departure at the end of 2021. Doug Mellinger is an active entrepreneur, philanthropist, impact investor, and board member, with extensive experience building and leading public and private companies in the technology and financial industries. Mellinger is a managing director at Clarion Capital Partners, a lower middle market private equity and structured credit asset management company. He currently serves on the board of directors of Foundation Source, a leading provider of outsourced services and technology for private foundations which he co-founded in 2000; the board of directors of Campden Wealth and IPI (Institute for Private Investors), the largest global membership organization for wealthy families and their family offices; and the board of directors of International Education Corporation (IEC), one of the nation’s largest career education colleges. Prior to Clarion Capital Partners, Mellinger was a partner at Palm Ventures and a managing partner at Zeno Ventures. He founded and served as the chairman and CEO of enherent Corp (NASDAQ: ENHT), a global software development and services company that was listed as an Inc. 500 company twice and was featured on Deloitte & Touche’s Technology Fast 500 and Fast 50 lists. Throughout his career, Mellinger has served on the boards of numerous companies and organizations, including Edgar Online (NASDAQ: EDGR), Sequest Technologies, Producteev, Schiller International, Young Entrepreneur’s Organization (YEO), and Young President’s Organization (YPO), among others. He has also served on several advisory boards and boards to government agencies, universities, and non-profit organizations over the past 40 years. Mellinger holds a degree in entrepreneurial science from Syracuse University. Effective March 31, 2022, Hugh Gallagher was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company, with Sim Salzman being appointed as the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Gallagher is a seasoned C-level executive and board member who brings to Marathon over 30 years of experience in capital markets, investment analysis, treasury, investor relations, and financial and operational execution. Prior to joining Marathon, Mr. Gallagher held several senior positions at UGI Corporation and AmeriGas Propane, including chief strategy officer - Global LPG (2021-2022); president and CEO of AmeriGas Propane (2018-2021); vice president finance and CFO of AmeriGas Propane (2013-2018); treasurer (2011-2014) and director of investor relations and treasury (2007-2011) at UGI Corporation; director of corporate development (2004-2007); and director of financial planning (2000-2004) at AmeriGas Propane. Mr. Gallagher also served in various roles of increasing responsibility at both UGI and AmeriGas from 1990-2000. Mr. Gallagher holds a CPA certification in the State of Pennsylvania and a bachelor of science in accounting from Drexel University. Effective the same date, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Gallagher. The Agreement has a term of three years and automatically renews for successive one year terms unless either party provides notice of nonrenewal at least 90 days prior to the end of the initial term or any renewal term. Mr. Gallagher’s annual base salary is $475,000 with annual 3% cost of living increases and bonuses at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Gallagher has been provided with a grant of 150,000 restricted stock units (“Initial Executive Award”), subject to the vesting schedule displayed below (“Executive Vesting Schedule”). For avoidance of doubt: vesting of the Compensation Shares shall vest 33.33% (50,000 restricted stock units “rsus”)) on March 31, 2023, and the remaining 100,000 rsus will vest 8.33% (12,500 rsus) every three months, thereafter, for eight consecutive calendar quarters. In the event of a Change of Control, the remaining unvested rsus will vest immediately. Mr. Gallagher may also receive additional grants of restricted stock units, and any such grant shall vest in four equal amounts on the date of grant and the three successive three month anniversaries thereof. In the event of a change in control, all RSUs vest immediately. Mr. Gallagher is entitled to 25 paid vacation days per year and is entitled to participate in all Company benefit plans per standard Company policy. Upon any termination of the Agreement, Mr. Gallagher is entitled to compensation and reimbursement of expenses through the date of termination as well as payment for any accrued and unpaid vacation days. If the termination is other than for cause, Mr. Gallagher’s outstanding RSUs shall immediately vest. Upon a termination not for cause by the Company or by Mr. Gallagher with good reason or within 180 days of a change in control, he shall receive the greater of his remaining base salary for the remaining term of the Agreement and 12 months base salary plus benefits. The Agreement contains customary and usual definitions of termination for cause and good reason. The Annual Bonus, and any and all stock based compensation (such as options and equity awards) (collectively, the “Clawback Benefits”) shall be subject to “Clawback Rights” as follows: during the period that the Executive is employed by the Company and upon the termination of the Executive’s employment and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, if there is a restatement of any financial results from which any metrics were determined to be achieved which were the basis of the granting and calculation of such Clawback Benefits to the Executive, the Executive agrees to repay any amounts which were determined by reference to any Company financial results which were later restated (as defined below), to the extent the Clawback Benefits amounts paid exceed the Clawback Benefits amounts that would have been paid, based on the restatement of the Company’s financial information. Mr. Salzman’s Executive Employment Agreement was amended to increase his annual base salary to $275,000. Mr. Gallagher’s agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Date: April 5, 2022