8-K 1 form8-k.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 12, 2021 MARATHON PATENT GROUP, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (800) 804-1690 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company [ ] If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: On January 12, 2020, Marathon Patent Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with certain purchasers named therein (the “Purchasers”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering (the “Offering”), 12,500,000 shares of its common stock (the “Securities”) at an offering price of $20.00 per share. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchasers and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. The closing of the Offering occurred on January 15, 2021. The Company received gross proceeds of $250,000,000 in connection with the Offering, before deducting placement agent fees and related offering expenses. Pursuant to a letter agreement, dated August 2020 (the “Engagement Letter”), the Company engaged H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the “Placement Agent”) as placement agent in connection with the Offering. The Placement Agent agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for the sale of the Securities. The Company agreed to pay to the Placement Agent a cash fee of 5.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Offering. T he Company also issued to designees of the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to 3.0% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold in the transactions, or warrants to purchase up to 375,000 shares of Common Stock (the “Placement Agent Warrants”). The Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to 125% of the offering price per share (or $25.00 per share). The Company also agreed to pay the Placement Agent $50,000 for accountable expenses, to reimburse an investor’s legal fees in an amount up to $7,500 and to pay $12,900 for the Placement Agent’s clearing fees. Pursuant to the terms of the Engagement Letter, the Placement Agent has the right, for a period of twelve months following the closing of the Offerings, to act (i) as financial advisor in connection with any merger, consolidation or similar business combination by the Company and (ii) as sole book-running manager, sole underwriter or sole placement agent in connection with certain debt and equity financing transactions by the Company. The foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement and the Placement Agent Warrants do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, the forms of such documents attached as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are incorporated herein by reference. The shares of Common Stock and the Placement Agent Warrants and the shares of common stock issuable thereunder are being offered by the Company pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252053), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) on January 12, 2021 and was declared automatically effective on such date (the “Registration Statement”). A copy of the opinion of Jolie Kahn, Esq. relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the Securities in the Offering is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 8-K and other reports filed by Registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the “Filings”) contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, Registrant’s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Registrant’s management. When used in the Filings the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “future,” “intend,” “plan” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to Registrant or Registrant’s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors relating to Registrant’s industry, Registrant’s operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by Registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. Although Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, Registrant cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, Registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Date: January 15, 2021