8-K Snap Inc false 0001564408 0001564408 2024-05-08 2024-05-08 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 13, 2024 ( May 8, 2024 ) SNAP INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (310) 399-3339 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Explanatory Note Purchase Agreement On May 8, 2024, we entered into a purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., as representatives of the several purchasers named therein (collectively, the “Initial Purchasers”), relating to the sale by us of an aggregate of $650.0 million principal amount of our 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the “Notes”) in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). We also granted to the Initial Purchasers an option to purchase an additional $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes (the “Notes Option”), which was exercised in full on May 9, 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the parties have agreed to indemnify each other against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. Indenture and Notes The Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated May 13, 2024 (the “Indenture”), between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (“Trustee”). The Notes are our unsecured, unsubordinated obligations. The Notes will bear interest at a rate of 0.50% per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2024. The Notes mature on May 1, 2030 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Notes, at our option, on or after May 5, 2027 if the (i) Notes are “freely tradable” (as defined in the Indenture) and any accrued and unpaid additional interest has been paid as of the date we send the related redemption notice and (ii) last reported sale price of our Class A common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest or additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes, which means that we are not required to redeem or retire the Notes periodically. The Indenture includes customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default after which the Notes may be due and payable immediately. The following events are considered “events of default,” which may result in acceleration of the maturity of the Notes: The Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of 45.0846 shares of Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $22.18 per share of Class A common stock subject to adjustment. Prior to February 1, 2030, such conversion is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth below. Holders of the Notes who convert their Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) or in connection with a redemption are, under certain circumstances, entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. Additionally, in the event of a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), holders of the Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Holders of the Notes may convert all or a portion of their Notes at their option prior to February 1, 2030, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, only under the following circumstances: A copy of the Indenture and form of Global Note are filed as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference. The foregoing description of the Indenture and Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits. Capped Call Transactions On May 8, 2024, in connection with the pricing of the Notes, we entered into capped call transactions (the “Base Capped Call Transactions”) with each of Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, The Bank of Nova Scotia, and UBS AG, London Branch (collectively, the “Capped Call Counterparties”). On May 9, 2024, in connection with the Initial Purchasers’ exercise of the Notes Option, we entered into additional capped call transactions with the Capped Call Counterparties (together with the Base Capped Call Transactions, the “Capped Call Transactions”). The Capped Call Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable in the Notes, the number of shares of Class A common stock that will initially underlie the Notes. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to holders of our Class A common stock on any conversion of the Notes or at our election (subject to certain conditions) offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of such converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions is initially $33.48 per share of Class A common stock, representing a premium of 100% above the last reported sale price of $16.74 per share of Class A common stock on May 8, 2024, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the Capped Call Transactions, the Capped Call Counterparties or their respective affiliates may purchase shares of our Class A common stock or enter into various derivative transactions with respect to our Class A common stock concurrently with, or shortly after, the pricing of the Notes. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of our Class A common stock or the Notes at that time. In addition, the Capped Call Counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our Class A common stock or purchasing or selling our Class A common stock in secondary market transactions following the pricing of the Notes and prior to the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so during the relevant valuation period under the capped call transactions or following any early conversion of the Notes or repurchase of the Notes by us on any fundamental change repurchase date, any redemption date or otherwise, in each case if we exercise our option to terminate the relevant portion of the Capped Call Transactions). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or decrease in the market price of our Class A common stock or the Notes, which could affect the holders’ ability to convert the Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of the Notes, it could affect the amount and value of the consideration that the holder will receive on conversion of such Notes. The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions entered into by us with the Capped Call Counterparties, are not part of the terms of the Notes, and will not affect any holder’s rights under the Notes. Holders of the Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Capped Call Transactions. The form of the Capped Call Transaction confirmation (the “Capped Call Confirmation”) is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference. The foregoing description of the Capped Call Confirmation does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. See Item 1.01 above, which is incorporated by reference. See the explanatory note above and Item 1.01 under the heading “Indenture and Notes,” which is incorporated by reference. We sold the Notes to the Initial Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and the Notes were initially resold to qualified institutional buyers as defined in, and in reliance on, Rule 144A of the Securities Act. Including the full exercise by the Initial Purchasers of the Notes Option, a maximum of 44,802,825 shares of our Class A common stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 59.7371 shares of our Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. The offer and sale of the Notes and our Class A common stock issuable on conversion of the Notes, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and will not constitute an offer, solicitation, or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. On May 13, 2024, we entered into various repurchase transactions (collectively, the “Repurchases”) with certain holders of our outstanding 0.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Notes”) and 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”) in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to which we repurchased approximately $147.9 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes and approximately $237.5 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes for an aggregate cash repurchase price of approximately $418.9 million. The transactions are expected to be settled on or about May 13, 2024. In addition, we entered into agreements to terminate all of the capped call transactions previously entered into in connection with the issuance of the 2025 Notes. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements include, but are not limited to, expectations regarding the effect of the Capped Call Transactions and regarding actions of the Capped Call Counterparties and their respective affiliates and the settlement of the Repurchases. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “will,” or similar expressions and the negatives of those words. Forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expect. These risks and uncertainties include market risks, trends, and conditions. These and other risks are more fully described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the section titled “Risk Factors” in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. In light of these risks, you should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements represent our beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.