phun-20240312 0001665300 false 0001665300 2024-03-12 2024-03-12 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 12, 2024 PHUNWARE, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ( 512 ) 693-4199 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Current Report on Form 8-K (this "Report") includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). These forward-looking statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “ Risk Factors ” in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and other filings that we make with the SEC from time to time. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under “ Risk Factors ” may not be exhaustive. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On March 12, 2024, Phunware, Inc. (the “Company,” "we," "us," or "our") issued a press release announcing its financial results for the year ended December 31, 2023. A copy of the press release issued concerning the foregoing results is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information contained herein, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the liabilities of that Section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission made by the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. The Company is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in the press release. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the nearest comparable GAAP financial measures is contained in the attached Exhibit 99.1 press release. Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. As previously reported, on April 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Bid Price Requirement”) because the bid price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market had closed below $1.00 per share for the previous 30 consecutive business days. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until October 10, 2023, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. On October 10, 2023, we submitted a request to Nasdaq for an additional 180-day extension to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement, and on October 12, 2023, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq advising that the Company had been granted a 180-day extension to April 8, 2024, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). On December 21, 2023, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that, as of December 20, 2023, the Company's common stock had a closing bid price of $0.10 or less for ten consecutive trading days and that, consistent with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(iii), the Nasdaq had determined to delist the Company's common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market. The notice provided that the Company an opportunity to appeal the Nasdaq's decision to delist the Company's common stock. On December 22, 2023, we submitted a request for a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the "Panel") to appeal the Nasdaq's delisting determination. On March 12, 2024, we received a letter from Nasdaq notifying us that we demonstrated compliance with the requirements to remain listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, as required by the Panel. The letter also informed the Company that pursuant to Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(B), the Company will be subject to a mandatory Panel monitor for a period of one year from the date of this letter. If, within that one-year monitoring period, the staff finds the Company again out of compliance with the requirement that was the subject of the exception, notwithstanding Rule 5810(c)(2), the Company will not be permitted to provide the Staff with a plan of compliance with respect to that deficiency and the staff will not be permitted to grant additional time for the Company to regain compliance with respect to that deficiency, nor will the Company be afforded an applicable cure or compliance period pursuant to Rule 5810(c)(3). Instead, the Nasdaq will issue a delist determination letter and the Company will have an opportunity to request a new hearing with the initial Panel or a newly convened hearings panel if the initial Panel is unavailable. The Company will have the opportunity to respond/present to the hearings panel as provided by Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(C). There can be no assurance the Company will maintain compliance with the above or any other Nasdaq Listing Rules. 1 Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits . * Furnished herewith 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.