8-K 1 riot_8k.htm FORM 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 5, 2020 (June 2, 2020) Riot Blockchain, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 – Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On June 2, 2020, Riot Blockchain, Inc. (“ Riot ,” “ us ,” “ we ,” “ our ,” or the “ Corporation ”), entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the “ Agreement ”) with Bitmaintech PTE, LTD (“ Bitmain”) effective as of June 1, 2020, for the purchase of 1,000 additional Antminer S19 Pro digital currency miners (the “ Miners ”). These additional 1,000 Miners were purchased from Bitmain in furtherance of the Corporation’s strategic initiatives of expanding and enhancing its bitcoin mining capabilities. Riot paid Bitmain approximately US$2.3 million (subject to adjustments, offsets and costs as set forth in the Agreement) from its cash on hand to purchase these new Miners. The acquisition of these additional Miners was made on substantially the same terms as the previous two agreements between Riot and Bitmain for the purchase of Antminer S19 Pro model digital currency miners, previously reported by the Corporation on its current reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) on May 5, 2020 and May 12, 2020, respectively. The Corporation expects delivery of the Miners to occur in two installments, with the first delivery expected to arrive in late September 2020, and the second delivery to arrive in late October 2020. The Corporation anticipates the installation and integration of these additional new Miners to occur shortly after delivery. The foregoing description of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this “ Report ”) and is incorporated into this Report by reference. Item 7.01 – Regulation FD Disclosure. On June 3, 2020, the Corporation issued a press release announcing the acquisition of the 1,000 additional Miners disclosed under Item 1.01 of this Report. A copy of the Corporation’s press release announcing the purchase is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. About Riot Blockchain Information reported in this Report is limited to the scope of the information reportable under a Current Report on Form 8-K under the rules and regulations of the SEC. Please refer to the additional information concerning the Corporation referenced in the following notices and safe harbor provision for material risks and other uncertainties. Investor Notice An investment in the Corporation’s securities involves a high degree of risk, and an investor should only purchase the Corporation’s securities if he or she can afford to suffer the loss of his or her entire investment. In determining whether to purchase the Corporation’s securities, an investor should carefully consider all of the material risks described under Item 1A under the heading “Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2020, as amended and supplemented and updated by subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, together with the financial or other information contained or incorporated by reference in such reports. In addition to the risks discussed in these reports, other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, perhaps materially. These discussions regarding material risks also include forward-looking statements, and actual results and events may differ substantially from those discussed or highlighted in those forward-looking statements. Safe Harbor The information provided in this Report may include forward-looking statements relating to future events or the future financial performance of the Corporation. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “potential,” “hope” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations of the Corporation and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties. Detailed information regarding factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by statements in report relating to the Corporation may be found in the Corporation’s periodic filings with the Commission, including the factors described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors,” copies of which may be obtained from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The Corporation does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this Report. † Portions of this exhibit have been omitted as confidential information. * The information contained in this Press Release is furnished but not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. S I G N A T U R E Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: June 5, 2020