hood-20231204 0001783879 FALSE 0001783879 2023-12-04 2023-12-04 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 4, 2023 Robinhood Markets, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 85 Willow Road Menlo Park , CA 94025 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 844 ) 428-5411 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Item 7.01 – Regulation FD Disclosure. Robinhood Provides Investor Updates Ahead of management meetings with the investment community, Robinhood Markets, Inc. (“Robinhood,” or the “Company”) today provided early insight into certain November 2023 operating data and posted an investor presentation on the Company’s investor relations website . November 2023 Early Color In November 2023, customers contributed roughly $1.4 billion of Net Deposits to Robinhood. Additionally, November Equity Notional Trading Volumes and Options Contracts Traded were roughly in line with October 2023 levels, and November Crypto Notional Trading Volumes were roughly 75% above October 2023 levels. The Company plans to release its full November 2023 Operating Data in the coming weeks. Investor Presentation In addition, the Company provided an investor presentation, which investors can find on its website investors.robinhood.com and is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. Definitions: Net Deposits: We define “Net Deposits” as all cash deposits and asset transfers received from customers, net of reversals, customer cash withdrawals, and other assets transferred out of our platform (assets transferred in or out include debit card transactions, Automated Customer Account Transfer Service (“ACATS”) transfers, and custodial crypto wallet transfers) for a stated period. Notional Trading Volume: We define "Notional Trading Volume" or "Notional Volume" for any specified asset class as the aggregate dollar value (purchase price or sale price as applicable) of trades executed in that asset class over a specified period of time. Options Contracts Traded: We define "Options Contracts Traded" as the total number of options contracts bought or sold over a specified period of time. Each contract generally entitles the holder to buy or sell (as applicable) 100 shares of the underlying stock. Additional Information: The information in this Current Report is unaudited and preliminary, based on Robinhood’s estimates, and subject to completion of financial closing procedures. Final operating data for November 2023 and results for the most recent fiscal quarter, as reported in our upcoming monthly metrics release and in Robinhood’s quarterly and annual filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), respectively, might vary from the information in this Current Report. Robinhood uses the "Overview" tab of its Investor Relations website (accessible at investors.robinhood.com/overview) and its Newsroom (accessible at newsroom.aboutrobinhood.com), as means of disclosing information to the public in a broad, non-exclusionary manner for purposes of the SEC’s Regulation Fair Disclosure (Reg. FD). Investors should routinely monitor those web pages, in addition to Robinhood’s press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts, as information posted on them could be deemed to be material information. The information furnished with Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report contains forward-looking statements, including with respect to certain preliminary November 2023 operating data. Our forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause our actual future results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in this Current Report. Factors that contribute to the uncertain nature of our forward-looking statements include, among others, the pending completion of our financial closing procedures. Because some of these risks and uncertainties cannot be predicted or quantified and some are beyond our control, you should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and financial results is included in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023 as well as our other filings with the SEC, which are available on the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Except as otherwise noted, all forward-looking statements are made as of the filing date of this Current Report and are based on information and estimates available to us at this time. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any of the statements in this Current Report whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances, or otherwise. You should read this Current Report with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, events, and circumstances might be materially different from what we expect. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.