8-K 1 d215925d8k.htm 8-K 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) August 4, 2021 GREEN THUMB INDUSTRIES INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 325 West Huron Street, Suite 700 Chicago, Illinois 60654 (Address of principal executive offices including zip code) (312) 563-5600 (Registrant’s telephone number including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ On August 4, 2021, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Green Thumb Industries Inc. (the “Company”) approved and adopted a new Code of Ethical Business Conduct (the “Revised Code”), to replace the Company’s existing Code of Business Conduct in its entirety. The Revised Code is applicable to all members of the Board, officers, agents and employees of the Company, including the Company’s chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chief accounting officer or controller and any other persons performing similar functions. The Revised Code was adopted to reflect what the Company considers to be current best practices, enhance and expand on guiding principles and policies, promote awareness of ethical issues that covered persons may encounter and set forth how to address ethical issues that may arise. The adoption of the Revised Code did not relate to or result in any waiver, explicit or implicit, of any provision of the prior code. The above description of the Revised Code does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Revised Code, a copy of which available on the Leadership & Governance page of the Company’s investor relations website (investors.gtigrows.com). The information on the Company’s website does not constitute part of this Current Report on Form 8-K for any purpose and is not incorporated by reference herein. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.