10-Q 1 kcac-10q_20200930.htm 10-Q kcac-10q_20200930.DOCX.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020 OR For the transition period from to KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (703) 674-6514 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: As of November 13, 2020 , 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Table of Contents i PART I. FINAN CIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 2 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 17, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1—Description of Organization and Business Operations Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on April 17, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company has focused its search for a target business in the automotive and automotive-related sector. The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and as such is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. On September 2, 2020 , the Company entered into a business combination agreement and plan of reorganization (as amended on September 21, 2020 and as may be further amended from time to time, the “QS Business Combination Agreement”) , by and among the Company, Kensington Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), and QuantumScape Corporation., a Delaware corporation (“QuantumScape”). Merger Sub will merge with and into QuantumScape, with QuantumScape surviving the merger and becoming a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company (collectively with the other transactions described in the QS Business Combination Agreement, the “QS Business Combination,” or the “Proposed Transactions”). QuantumScape is a leader in the development of next generation solid-state lithium-metal batteries for use in electric vehicles. See the Proposed Transactions described below. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from April 17, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (the “Initial Public Offering”) described below, the identification and evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for an initial Business Combination, including the Proposed Transactions (as defined below), and ongoing administrative and compliance matters. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company’s sponsor is Kensington Capital Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”, or the “Original Holder”). The registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 25, 2020. On June 30, 2020, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), including 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the “Over-Allotment Units”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $13.1 million, inclusive of approximately $8.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 6,575,000 warrants (each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately $6.6 million (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement , $230.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. “government securities,” within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 6 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company must complete an initial Business Combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company will provide holders of the Company’s outstanding shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, sold in the Initial Public Offering (the “Public Stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will not redeem the Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares held by them in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. If the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with an initial Business Combination, the Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per Public Share), calculated as of two business days prior to the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company’s taxes, net of taxes payable. The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). As a result, such Public Shares are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” The Certificate of Incorporation provided that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors (the “initial stockholders”) agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with the Company, that they will not propose any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (A) to 7 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS modify the substance or timing of the Company ’ s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combinatio n Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders ’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upo n approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding Public S hares. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or June 30, 2022, (as such period may be extended pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the “Combination Period”), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company’s taxes, net of taxes payable (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. The initial stockholders agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only, or less than, $10.00. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a “Target”), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Commencing August 17, 2020, holders of the Units were permitted to elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock and Warrants (as defined below) included in the Units. No fractional shares will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. 8 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Proposed Business Combination and Related Transactions On September 2, 2020, the Company, Kensington Merger Sub Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), and QuantumScape Corporation. (“QuantumScape”), entered into the QS Business Combination Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company and QuantumScape will enter into the QS Business Combination . QuantumScape is a leader in the development of next generation solid-state lithium-metal batteries for use in electric vehicles. At the closing of the QS Business Combination (the “Closing”), each outstanding share of QuantumScape Class A common stock, together with each share of QuantumScape preferred stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the Closing and convertible into a share of QuantumScape Class A common stock pursuant to the provisions of QuantumScape’s certificate of incorporation, and each outstanding share of QuantumScape Class B common stock, together with each share of QuantumScape preferred stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the Closing and convertible into a share of QuantumScape Class B common stock pursuant to the provisions of QuantumScape’s certificate of incorporation, will be cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive a number of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock or shares of the Company’s Class B common stock, as applicable, determined in each case by reference to an “Exchange Ratio,” calculated in accordance with the QS Business Combination Agreement. As of the date of the initial signing of the QS Business Combination Agreement, the Exchange Ratio was 4.0032186234, and the Company will file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing the final Exchange Ratio no later than four business days prior to a special meeting of its stockholders. As a result of the QS Business Combination, the Company currently expects to issue with respect to QuantumScape Capital Stock (or expects to reserve for issuance with respect to Exchanged Options, Exchanged RSUs and Exchanged Warrants (each as defined below)) 368,799,998 shares of the Company’s Common Stock in the aggregate. The final aggregate amount of shares of the Company’s Common Stock to be issued (or reserved for issuance) in connection with the business combination will be calculated in accordance with the QS Business Combination Agreement. As promptly as practicable after the Proxy statement, prospectus, and information statement becomes effective, QuantumScape will seek an irrevocable written consent of QuantumScape’s stockholders as required to approve and adopt the QS Business Combination Agreement and the Proposed Transactions. Such approval will be sought from and requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least (a) a majority of the outstanding shares of QuantumScape capital stock, (b) a majority of the outstanding shares of QuantumScape Class A common stock and the outstanding shares of QuantumScape Class B common stock, each voting separately as a class, (c) a majority of the outstanding shares of QuantumScape Class A common stock and shares of QuantumScape preferred stock that are convertible into shares of QuantumScape Class A common stock, voting as a single class, and (d) a majority of the outstanding shares of QuantumScape Class B common stock and the outstanding shares of QuantumScape preferred stock that are convertible into shares of QuantumScape Class B common stock, voting together as a single class. No additional approval or vote from any holders of any class or series of stock of QuantumScape will be necessary to adopt and approve the QS Business Combination Agreement, the QS Business Combination and the Proposed Transactions. The transaction is structured as a reverse triangular merger, which includes the following: (a) Pursuant to the QS Business Combination Agreement, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub will be merged with and into QuantumScape (the “Merger”), with QuantumScape surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company (the “Surviving Corporation”); (b) Contemporaneously with the execution of the QS Business Combination Agreement, certain investors have entered into certain subscription agreements, pursuant to which such investors will purchase shares of the Company’s Common Stock at a purchase price of $10.00 per share in a private placement to be consummated immediately prior to the consummation of the Proposed Transactions; (c) In addition, concurrently with the execution of the QS Business Combination Agreement, (i) the Company, QuantumScape and Volkswagen Group of America Investments LLC (“Volkswagen”) entered into a stockholder support agreement (the “Volkswagen Support Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, Volkswagen agreed, among other things, to vote its shares of QuantumScape Preferred Stock in favor of the QS Business Combination Agreement and the Proposed Transactions, and (ii) the Company, QuantumScape and certain stockholders of QuantumScape with (together with Volkswagen) a sufficient number of votes to approve the Merger and other transactions that require the approval of QuantumScape’s stockholders entered into a stockholder support agreement (the “Other Stockholder 9 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Support Agreement”; the Volkswagen Stockholder Support Agreement and the Other Stockholder Support Agreement, the “Stockholder Support Agreements”), pursuant to which, among other things, the Key QuantumScape Stockholders agreed, among other things, to vote their shares of QuantumScape Common Stock and QuantumScape Preferred Stock in favor of the QS Business Combination Agreement and the Proposed Transactions; and (iii) certain stockholders of QuantumScape and certain stockholders of the Company entered into a registration rights and lock-up agreement (the “Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement”); (d) In addition, concurrently with the execution of the QS Bu siness Combination Agreement, certain senior level employees of QuantumScape entered into a lock-up agreement (the “Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreement”) with the Company, pursuant to which, such employees agreed to restrictions on the transferability of the Company’s securities for a period of up to four years following the consummation of the Proposed Transactions, subject to certain exceptions set forth therein; and (e) In addition, concurrently with the execution of the QS Business Combination Agreement, (i) the Company and QuantumScape entered into a letter agreement with Volkswagen Group of America Investments, LLC (“VGA”), a stockholder of QuantumScape, pursuant to which, consistent with the rights of VGA with respect to the election of QuantumScape’s d irectors under the existing voting agreement between QuantumScape and certain of its stockholders, VGA will be entitled, following the Proposed Transactions, to nominate up to two designees to the Company’s board of directors, subject to the satisfaction o f certain conditions regarding funding and ownership of the Company’s capital stock, (ii) The Company and QuantumScape entered into an additional letter agreement with VGA, pursuant to which VGA will, among other things, receive an opportunity to review an d comment on filings with the SEC with respect to the Proposed Transactions and be provided copies of notices provided between the parties to the QS Business Combination Agreement and (iii) The Company and QuantumScape entered into an additional letter agr eement with VGA, pursuant to which QuantumScape will reserve proceeds from its Series F Preferred Stock financing and capital received through the Merger in a separate account to fund equity contributions to QSV Operations LLC. At the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”), by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the Company, Merger Sub, QuantumScape or the holders of any of QuantumScape’s securities: (a) each share of QuantumScape’s Class A Common Stock (which has one vote per share) and each share of QuantumScape’s Preferred Stock that is convertible into QuantumScape’s Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be canceled and converted into the right to receive the number of shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock that will be in effect after completion of the Proposed Transactions (the “New Kensington Class A Common Stock”) equal to the Exchange Ratio. “Exchange Ratio” means the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the “Target Share Amount”, which is to be calculated in accordance with the QS Business Combination Agreement and is, as of the date of the QS Business Combination Agreement, equal to 368,799,998, by (y) the Fully-Diluted Company Shares. The New Kensington Class A Common Stock will have one vote per share; (b) each share of QuantumScape’s Class B Common Stock (which has 10 votes per share) and each share of QuantumScape’s Preferred Stock that is convertible into QuantumScape’s Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be canceled and converted into the right to receive the number of shares of the Company’s Class B Common Stock that will be in effect after completion of the Proposed Transactions (the “New Kensington Class B Common Stock”; and together with the New Kensington Class A Common Stock, the “New Kensington Common Stock”) equal to the Exchange Ratio. The New Kensington Class B Common Stock will have ten votes per share; (c) each share of QuantumScape’s Capital Stock held in the treasury of QuantumScape will be cancelled without any conversion thereof and no payment or distribution will be made with respect thereto; (d) each share of Merger Sub Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation; (e) each QuantumScape Option that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, will be converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of the applicable class of New Kensington Common Stock that the pre-conversion QuantumScape Option covers (such option, an “Exchanged Option”) equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (i) the number of shares of QuantumScape’s Common Stock subject to such QuantumScape Option immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (A) the exercise price per share of such Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by (B) Exchange Ratio. Except as specifically provided in the QS Business Combination Agreement, following the Effective Time, each Exchanged Option will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting and exercisability terms) as were applicable to the corresponding former QuantumScape Option immediately prior to the Effective Time; (f) 10 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS each share of QuantumScape’ s Restricted Stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into restricted shares of the applicable class of New Kensington Common Stock that the pre-conversion QuantumScape’s Restricted Stock covers (such share of res tricted Common Stock, an “Exchanged Restricted Common Stock”) equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (i) the number of shares of QuantumScape’s Restricted Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the Exchange Ratio . Except as specifically provided above, following the Effective Time, each Exchanged Restricted Stock shall continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including transfer restrictions and repurchase right terms) as were applicable to the cor responding former QuantumScape’s Restricted Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time; (g) each QuantumScape RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into restricted stock units of the applicable class of New K ensington Common Stock that the pre-conversion Company RSU covers (such restricted stock unit award covering Common Stock, an “Exchanged RSU”) equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (i) the number of shares subject to a QuantumS cape RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the Exchange Ratio. Except as specifically provided above, following the Effective Time, each Exchanged RSU shall continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including transfer restric tions and repurchase right terms) as were applicable to the corresponding former QuantumScape RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time; and (h) each QuantumScape Warrant that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into a warrant to purchase a number of shares of the applicable class of New Kensington Common Stock that corresponded to the class for which the pre-conversion QuantumScape Warrant was exercisable (such warrant, an “Exchanged Warrant”) equal to the product (ro unded down to the nearest whole number) of (i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such QuantumScape Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (A) the exercise price per share of such QuantumScape Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by (B) the Exchange Ratio. Except as specifically provided above, following the Effective Time, each Exchanged Warrant shall continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting and exercisability terms) as were applicable to the corresponding former QuantumScape Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time. On September 2, 2020, the Company, Sponsor and certain stockholders of QuantumScape (the “New Holders” and, collectively with the Original Holder, the “Holders”) entered into the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, which shall be effective at the Closing. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, the Company will be obligated to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain securities of the Company held by the Holders. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement and subject to certain requirements and customary conditions, including with regard to the number of demand rights that may be exercised, the Holders may demand at any time or from time to time, that the Company file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or on Form S-1 if Form S-3 is not available) to register the securities of the Company held by such Holders. The Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement also provides the Holders with “piggy-back” registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. The Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement further provides for the securities of the Company held by the Holders to be locked-up for a period of time following the Closing, as described below, subject to certain exceptions. The securities held by the Original Holder will be locked-up for one year following the Closing, subject to earlier release if (i) the reported last sale price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing or (ii) if the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Closing which results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The securities held by the New Holders will be locked-up for 180 days after the Closing, subject to earlier release if (i) the reported last sale price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing or (ii) if the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Closing which results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 11 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In connection with the execution of the QS Business Combination Agreement, effective as of September 2, 2020, the Company entered into separate subscripti on agreements (each, a “Subscription Agreement”) with a number of investors (each a “Subscriber”), pursuant to which the Subscribers agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed to sell to the Subscribers, an aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of the Company’s C lass A Common Stock (which will be New Kensington Class A Common Stock upon completion of the Proposed Transactions) (the “PIPE Shares”), for a purchase price of $10.00 per share and an aggregate purchase price of $500 million, in a private placement (the “PIPE”). The closing of the sale of the PIPE Shares pursuant to the Subscription Agreement is contingent upon, among other customary closing conditions, the substantially concurrent consummation of the Proposed Transactions. The purpose of the PIPE is to raise additional capital for use by the combined company following the Closing. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Company agreed, among other things, that, within 15 business days after the consummation of the Proposed Transactions, it will file with the SEC (at the Company’s sole cost and expense) a registration statement registering the resale of the PIPE Shares (the “Resale Registration Statement”), and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Resale Registration Statement declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof. On September 2, 2020, the Company entered into separate Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements with certain senior level employees of QuantumScape (the “Senior Employees”), including QuantumScape’s executive officers. The Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements provide that the securities of the Company owned of record or beneficially by the Senior Employees (including certain securities that may be granted or issued to a Senior Employee after the Effective Time) (collectively, the “Lock-Up Shares”) may generally not be transferred for at least 180 days after the Closing (the “Initial Lock-Up Period”) and up to four years after the Closing, subject to certain exceptions. Following the Initial Lock-Up Period, Senior Employees may transfer Lock-Up Shares without restriction as follows: (i) during the first year after the Effective Time, up to 25% of the total number of Lock-Up Shares, (ii) following the first anniversary of the Effective Time until the earlier of four years after the Closing or the occurrence of an event described below, up to 50% of the total number of Lock-Up Shares, and (iii) up to an additional 50% of the total number of Lock-Up Shares following satisfaction of agreed delivery requirements between QuantumScape and VGA. These transfer restrictions are subject to earlier release if (a) the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Closing that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property; (b) VGA terminates for any reason the Amended and Restated Joint Venture Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2020, by and among QuantumScape and VGA; (c) VGA issues a critical or negative statement regarding the Company and its technology unless such statement is required to be made by VGA under applicable law and is truthful and accurate; or (d) VGA transfers certain Company securities in excess of the amounts set forth in the Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements. The Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements also provide that, upon consummation of the Merger, the Company or QuantumScape shall pay to each Senior Employee a one-time cash bonus equal to 20% of the Senior Employee’s then annual base salary. Liquidity and Capital Resources As indicated in the accompanying balance sheet, at September 30, 2020, the Company had approximately $1.0 million in cash, and working capital of approximately $42,000 (not taken into account tax obligations). The Company’s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the proceeds of $25,000 from the sale of the Founders Shares (as defined in Note 4), and loan proceeds from the Sponsor of $75,000 (which is still outstanding to date) ). Subsequent from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company’s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). As of September 30, 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 12 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Management has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial Business Combination or for a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. However, in connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, “Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,” management h as determined that the Company’s mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate and dissolve after June 30, 2022. Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company. Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement of the balances and results for the periods presented. Operating results for the period for the period from April 17, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected through December 31, 2020. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Form 8-K and the final prospectus filed by the Company with the SEC on July 7, 2020 and June 26, 2020, respectively. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 13 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it h as different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2020. Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account At September 30, 2020 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills. During the period from April 17, 20202 (inception) through September 30, 2020, no amounts were withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay taxes. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage limit of $ 250,000 , and investments held in Trust Account . The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. The Company’s investments held in the Trust Account as of September 30, 2020 is comprised of investments in U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of 185 days or less or investments in a money market funds that comprise only U.S. treasury securities money market funds. Investments Held in the Trust Account The Company’s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities, or a combination thereof. The Company’s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in gain on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust Account in the accompanying unaudited condensed statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: 14 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As of September 30, 2020, the carrying values of c ash, accounts payable, accrued expenses, franchise tax payable and income tax payable approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of the instruments . The Company’s investments held in Trust Account are comprised of investments in U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of 180 days or less or investments in a money market funds that comprise only U.S. treasury securities and are recognized at fair value. The fair value of investments held in Trust Account is determined using quoted prices in active markets. Offering Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering Offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering and that were charged to additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Class A common stock subject to possible redemption The Company accounts for its Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including Class A common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2020, 21,697,668 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet. Net Loss Per Common Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period excluding common stock subject to forfeiture. Through June 30, 2020, the date the underwriters exercised in full their over-allotment option, w eighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 750,000 shares of common stock that were subject to forfeiture. An aggregate of 21,697,668 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2020 has been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per share of common stock, since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering (including the consummation of the Over-Allotment Units) and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 18,074,992 shares of the Company’s common stock in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 15 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reconciliation of Net Loss per Common Share The Company’s net loss is adjusted for the portion of income (loss) that is attributable to Class A common stock subject to redemption, as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly, basic and diluted loss per common share is calculated as follows: Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Deferred tax assets were deemed immaterial as of September 30, 2020. FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of September 30, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security “CARES” Act into law. The CARES Act includes several significant business tax provisions that, among other things, would eliminate the taxable income limit for certain net operating losses (“NOL”) and allow businesses to carry back NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to the five prior years, suspend the excess business loss rules, accelerate refunds of previously generated corporate alternative minimum tax credits, generally loosen the business interest limitation under IRC section 163(j) from 30 percent to 50 percent among other technical corrections included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tax provisions. The Company does not believe that the CARES Act will have a significant impact on Company's financial position or statement of operations. Recent Accounting Standards The Company’s management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements . 16 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 3—Initial Public Offering On June 30, 2020, the Company sold 23,000,000 Units, including 3,000,000 Over-Allotment Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $13.1 million, inclusive of approximately $8.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a “Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). Note 4—Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On April 17, 2020, the Sponsor subscribed to purchase 5,031,250 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Founder Shares”), and fully paid for those shares on June 30, 2020. On June 25, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend with respect to the Class B common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The initial stockholders agreed to forfeit up to 750,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares represented 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on June 30, 2020; thus, the 750,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The initial stockholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 6,575,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.6 million. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash (except as described below) and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell the Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Related Party Loans On April 17, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2020, the Company has borrowed $75,000 under the Note. To date, the balance of the Note remains outstanding. 17 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company ’ s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required ( “ Working Capital Loans ” ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans could be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender ’ s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except f or the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Service and Administrative Fees The Company has agreed to pay service and administrative fees of $20,000 per month to DEHC LLC, an affiliate of Daniel Huber, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, for up to 18 months commencing on the date of consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2020, the Company incurred $80,000 in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations and no amounts were payable in the accompanying balance sheet in connection with such services. The Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company’s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Company’s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. Note 5—Commitments & Contingencies Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and “piggyback” registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per unit, or $4.6 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, $0.35 per unit, or approximately $8.1 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Note 6—Stockholders’ Equity Preferred Stock —The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of September 30, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 18 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Class A Common Stock —The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of September 30, 2020, there were 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, including 21, 697 , 668 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively. Class B Common Stock —The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. On April 17, 2020, the Sponsor subscribed to purchase 5,031,250 shares of Class B common stock, which was fully paid on June 30, 2020. On June 25, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend with respect to the Class B common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. Of these, an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares of Class B common stock that were subject to forfeiture to the Company by the initial stockholders for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares equals 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on June 30, 2020; thus, the 750,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. As a result, as of September 30, 2020, 5,750,000 Class B common stock was issued and outstanding. Stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders; provided that, prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to elect all of the Company’s directors and remove members of the Company’s board of directors for any reason. Prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the Company’s election of directors. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the Company’s election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Class B common stock may remove a member of the Company’s board of directors for any reason. These provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation may only be amended by a resolution passed by the holders of a majority of shares of the Class B common stock. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of the Company’s stockholders, including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination, holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company’s stockholders, except as required by law. The Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holders, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as described herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Proposed Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination). Warrants —Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially 19 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following the initial Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon e xercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed; provided, that if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “ covered security ” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “ cashless basis ” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The warrants have an exercise price of $11.50 per share. If (x) the Company issue additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of each warrant will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to 115% of the higher of (i) the Market Value and (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of (i) the Market Value and (ii) the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that (1) the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (2) the Private Placement Warrants are be non-redeemable (except as described below) so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (3) the Private Placement Warrants may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (4) the holders of the Private Placement Warrants (including with respect to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) are entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption: If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. 20 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In addition, commencing ninety days after the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. Note 7—Fair Value Measurements The Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: 21 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. There were no transfers between levels for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from May 19, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020. Note 8—Subsequent Events On October 2, 2020, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company. The complaint names the Company and certain members of the Company’s board as defendants. The complaint alleges, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty claims in connection with the proposed business combination with QuantumScape Corporation. Management with its legal counsel are currently evaluating the merits of the complaint and as of September 30, 2020, the Company had not accrued any amounts for this contingency. The special meeting of the Company’s stockholders to approve the Business Combination with QuantumScape is scheduled to occur on November 25, 2020. 22 Item 2. Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the “Company,” “Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp.” “our,” “us” or “we” refer to Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on April 17, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Our sponsor Kensington Capital Sponsor LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”, or the “Original Holder”). The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 25, 2020. On June 30, 2020, we consummated its Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, including 3,000,000 Over-Allotment Units to cover over-allotments, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $13.1 million, inclusive of approximately $8.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 6,575,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately $6.6 million. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement , $230.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was held in a Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. “government securities,” within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 23 If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, which is 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or June 30, 2022, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Sh ares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, net of taxes payable (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders ’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating di stributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware l aw to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete its initial Business Combin ation within the Combination Period. Proposed Transactions Business Combination Agreement As more fully described in Note 1 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements herein, on September 2, 2020, the Company entered into a business combination agreement and plan of reorganization (as amended on September 21, 2020 and as may be further amended from time to time, the “QS Business Combination Agreement”), by and among the Company, Kensington Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), and QuantumScape Corporation., a Delaware corporation (“QuantumScape”). Merger Sub will merge with and into QuantumScape, with QuantumScape surviving the merger and becoming a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company (collectively with the other transactions described in the QS Business Combination Agreement, the “QS Business Combination,” or the “Proposed Transactions”). QuantumScape is a leader in the development of next generation solid-state lithium-metal batteries for use in electric vehicles. Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement In connection with the QS Business Combination and the other Proposed Transactions, on September 2, 2020, the Company, Sponsor and certain stockholders of QuantumScape (collectively with the Original Holder, the “Holders”) entered into a registration rights and lock-up agreement (the “Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement”), which shall be effective at the Closing. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, we will be obligated to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain securities of the Company held by the Holders. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement and subject to certain requirements and customary conditions, including with regard to the number of demand rights that may be exercised, the Holders may demand at any time or from time to time, that we file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or on Form S-1 if Form S-3 is not available) to register the securities of the Company held by such Holders. The Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement also provides the Holders with “piggy-back” registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. Subscription Agreements Also, in connection with the execution of the QS Business Combination Agreement, effective as of September 2, 2020, we entered into separate subscription agreements (each, a “Subscription Agreement”) with a number of investors (each a “Subscriber”), pursuant to which the Subscribers agreed to purchase, and we agreed to sell to the Subscribers, an aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock (which will be New Kensington Class A Common Stock upon completion of the Proposed Transactions) (the “PIPE Shares”), for a purchase price of $10.00 per share and an aggregate purchase price of $500 million, in a private placement (the “PIPE”). The closing of the sale of the PIPE Shares pursuant to the Subscription Agreement is contingent upon, among other customary closing conditions, the substantially concurrent consummation of the Proposed Transactions. The purpose of the PIPE is to raise additional capital for use by the combined company following the Closing. 24 Pursuant to the Su bscription Agreements, we agreed, among other things, that, within 15 business days after the consummation of the Proposed Transaction s , we will file with the SEC (at the Company’s sole cost and expense) a registration statement registering the resale of t he PIPE Shares (the “ Resale Registration Statement ”), and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Resale Registration Statement declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof. Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements On September 2, 2020, we entered into separate Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements with certain senior level employees of QuantumScape (the “Senior Employees”), including QuantumScape’s executive officers. The Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements provide that the securities of QuantumScape owned of record or beneficially by the Senior Employees (including certain securities that may be granted or issued to a Senior Employee after the Effective Time) (collectively, the “Lock-Up Shares”) may generally not be transferred for at least 180 days after the Closing (the “Initial Lock-Up Period”) and up to four years after the Closing, subject to certain exceptions. Following the Initial Lock-Up Period, Senior Employees may transfer Lock-Up Shares without restriction as follows: (i) during the first year after the Effective Time, up to 25% of the total number of Lock-Up Shares, (ii) following the first anniversary of the Effective Time until the earlier of four years after the Closing or the occurrence of an event described below, up to 50% of the total number of Lock-Up Shares, and (iii) up to an additional 50% of the total number of Lock-Up Shares following satisfaction of agreed delivery requirements between QuantumScape and VGA. These transfer restrictions are subject to earlier release if (a) the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Closing that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property; (b) VGA terminates for any reason the Amended and Restated Joint Venture Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2020, by and among QuantumScape and VGA; (c) VGA issues a critical or negative statement regarding the Company and its technology unless such statement is required to be made by VGA under applicable law and is truthful and accurate; or (d) VGA transfers certain Company securities in excess of the amounts set forth in the Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements. The Senior Employee Lock-Up Agreements also provide that, upon consummation of the Merger, the Company or QuantumScape shall pay to each Senior Employee a one-time cash bonus equal to 20% of the Senior Employee’s then annual base salary. The foregoing descriptions of the QS Business Combination Agreement and ancillary agreements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreements, copies of which were filed with the SEC as Current Reports on Form 8-K on September 3, 2020 and September 21, 2020 and which are incorporated herein by reference. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2020, we had approximately $1.0 million in our operating bank account, working capital of approximately $42,000 (not taken into account tax obligations), and approximately $76,000 in investment income in the Trust Account available to pay franchise and income taxes (less up to $100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses). Through September 30, 2020, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through a $25,000 capital contribution from the sale of the Founders Shares (as defined in Note 4), loan proceeds from the Sponsor of $75,000 (which is still outstanding to date), and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). As of September 30, 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 25 Management has determined that we have access to funds from our Sponsor that are sufficient to fund our working capital needs until the c onsummation of an initial Business Combination or for a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. However, in connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, “Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,” we have determined that our mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt ab out the our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate and dissolve after June 30, 2022. Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and effect on our financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company. Results of Operations Our entire activity since inception up to September 30, 2020 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and since the closing of our Initial Public Offering, a search for business combination candidates including expenses related to the Proposed Transactions. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. For the period from April 17, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, we had net loss of approximately $1,525,000, which consisted of approximately $1,511,000 in general and administrative expenses and approximately $91,000 in franchise tax expense. Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On April 17, 2020, we issued 5,031,250 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock to our Sponsor (the “Founder Shares”), which were fully paid for on June 30, 2020. On June 25, 2020, we effected a stock dividend with respect to the Class B common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The initial stockholders agreed to forfeit up to 750,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares represented 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on June 30, 2020; thus, the 750,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The initial stockholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Related Party Loans On April 17, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2020, we had borrowed $75,000 under the Note. To date, the balance of the Note remains outstanding. 26 In addition, in o rder to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be re quired (“Working Capital Loans”). If the we complete a Business Combination, we may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us . Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans could be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital L oans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working C apital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, we had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Contractual Obligations Service and Administrative Fees We agreed to pay service and administrative fees of $20,000 per month to DEHC LLC, an affiliate of Daniel Huber, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, for up to 18 months commencing on the date of consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2020, we incurred $80,000 in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and “piggyback” registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per unit, or $4.6 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, $0.35 per unit, or approximately $8.1 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies Class A common stock subject to possible redemption We account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including Class A common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. 27 Our Class A common s tock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2020, 21, 697 , 668 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption i s presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders ’ equity section of the Company ’ s balance sheet. Net Loss Per Common Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period excluding common stock subject to forfeiture. Through June 30, 2020, the date the underwriters exercised in full their over-allotment option, weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 750,000 shares of common stock that were subject to forfeiture. An aggregate of 21,697,668 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2020 has been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per share of common stock, since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust earnings. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering (including the consummation of the Over-Allotment Units) and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 18,074,992 shares of our common stock in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the period presented. Recent Accounting Standards Our management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements . Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of September 30, 2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. JOBS Act The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”) contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier. 28 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk . We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. As of September 30, 2020, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, will be invested in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception and we do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2020, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period from April 17, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 29 PART II - OTHE R INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on June 26, 2020. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. None. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. Item 6. Exhibits. 30 SIGNA TURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 31