8-K 0001819994 false 0001819994 2022-09-02 2022-09-02 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ROCKET LAB USA, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On September 2, 2022, Rocket Lab USA, Inc. (the “Company”) increased the size of its Board of Directors (the “Board”) in accordance with the Company’s Amended and Restated Bylaws from eight to nine directors, creating one vacancy on the Board. On September 2, 2022, the Board appointed Dr. Edward H. Frank as a Class II director to fill the newly-created vacancy on the Board, with an initial term expiring at the Company’s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The Company determined that Dr. Frank qualifies as an “independent director” for purposes of The Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards. Dr. Frank has served as a co-founder and the Chief Executive Officer of Brilliant Lime, Inc., a developer of silicon, systems, and software products, since October 2017. Dr. Frank co-founded Cloud Parity Inc., a voice-of-the-customer startup in the San Francisco Bay Area, in late 2013 and served as its Chief Executive Officer until September 2016. From May 2009 through October 2013, Dr. Frank was Vice President of Macintosh Hardware Systems Engineering at Apple, Inc. (“Apple”). Before joining Apple, Dr. Frank was Corporate Vice President of Research and Development at Broadcom Inc. (“Broadcom”). Prior to joining Broadcom Dr. Frank was the founding Chief Executive Officer of Epigram, Inc., a developer of integrated circuits and software for home networking, which Broadcom acquired in 1999. Dr. Frank serves on the board of directors of Marvell Technology, Inc., Analog Devices, Inc. and SiTime Corporation and is an advisor to, or board member for, several privately held Bay Area venture capital firms and startups. Within the past five years, Dr. Frank has also served as a director of Amesite Inc., Quantenna Communications, Inc. and of Cavium Inc. Dr. Frank holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University, where he also serves on the Board of Trustees. In 2018, Dr. Frank was elected to the National Academy of Engineering for his contribution to the development and commercialization of wireless networking products. He is also a Fellow of the IEEE, and an NACD Board Leadership Fellow. The Company believes that Dr. Frank is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his demonstrated leadership in his field and his experience. Dr. Frank will receive cash compensation pursuant to the Company’s standard non-employee director compensation as described in the Company’s Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (“Policy”) filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on August 11, 2022. His annual cash retainer will be prorated for 2022 to reflect his expected term. In addition, pursuant to the Policy, on the date of his election or appointment, Dr. Frank will receive a one-time grant of restricted stock units with a value of $360,000, referred to as the initial grant, that will vest in three equal annual installments over three years, subject to Dr. Frank’s continued service through each applicable vesting date. On the date of each annual meeting of stockholders of our Company, Dr. Frank will receive a grant of restricted stock units with a value of $180,000, referred to as the annual grant, that will vest in full on the earlier of (i) the one year anniversary of the grant date, or (ii) the next annual meeting of our stockholders, subject to Dr. Frank’s continued service through the applicable vesting date; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, at the next annual meeting of stockholders of our Company, in lieu of the annual grant, Dr. Frank will receive a pro-rata portion of the annual grant based on the time between his appointment and such next annual meeting of stockholders. The equity awards granted under the Policy are subject to full acceleration of vesting upon the sale of the Company. In connection with Dr. Frank’s appointment to the Board, the Company will enter into an indemnification agreement with Dr. Frank in accordance with the Company’s standard practice and pursuant to the form previously approved by the Board, which form was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022. There have not been any transactions since the beginning of the Company’s last fiscal year, nor are there any proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant involving amounts exceeding $120,000 and in which Dr. Frank had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. There are no arrangements or understandings between Dr. Frank and the Company or any other persons pursuant to which Dr. Frank was appointed as a director of the Company. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.