8-K Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc false 0001706946 0001706946 2024-06-12 2024-06-12 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 12, 2024 Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (949) 774-7640 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ On June 12, 2024, Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing that its board of directors has approved a 1-for-20 reverse stock split (the “Reverse Stock Split”). The Reverse Stock Split is expected to become effective at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on June 14, 2024, after close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). The Company’s common stock is expected to commence trading on a split-adjusted basis when the market opens on June 17, 2024. Pursuant to the Reverse Stock Split, every 20 shares of the Company’s common stock issued and outstanding as of the effective date will be automatically reclassified into one share of the Company’s common stock. The Company’s stockholders will be entitled to receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares they would otherwise be entitled to receive in the Reverse Stock Split. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements contained in this report other than statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, statements regarding the expected timing of the Reverse Stock Split, the effects of the Reverse Stock Split, including the expected payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares, and the anticipated timing of the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on a split-adjusted basis, are forward-looking statements. The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “potential,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “strategy,” “future,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,” “target,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, though not all forward-looking statements use these words or expressions. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the risk that the Reverse Stock Split may impact the Company’s results of operations, business operations and reputation with or ability to serve its stockholders and/or customers, and the trading prices and volatility of the Common Stock; the Reverse Stock Split may not be adequate to cure compliance with Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual or that the Company may otherwise fail to meet the NYSE’s continued listing standards, and the other factors, risks and uncertainties included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website at www.virgingalactic.com, which could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this report. Any such forward-looking statements represent management’s estimates as of the date of this report. While the Company may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, it disclaims any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause the Company’s views to change. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.