8-K false 0001811414 0001811414 2022-02-25 2022-02-25 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 25, 2022 QuantumScape Corp oration (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) ( 408 ) 452-2000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ 1 Item 8.01. Other Events QuantumScape Corporation (the “Company”) recently signed an agreement with a fourth automotive original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”), a top ten automaker by global revenues. 1 The companies agreed to collaborate on the validation and testing of Company’s solid-state battery cells with the goal of providing such cells to the OEM for inclusion into pre-production prototype vehicles and ultimately into serial production vehicles. The agreement follows testing of the Company’s early-stage cells by the OEM in its labs. Subject to satisfactory validation of certain milestones, the Company will reserve at least five MWh of capacity from the Company’s QS-0 pre-pilot production line facility for this OEM. In addition, if the milestones are met and the parties mutually agree, they will work together to establish a joint venture with the objective of building and operating a U.S.-based facility to produce solid-state batteries of up to 50 gigawatt hours (GWh) in capacity for use in the OEM’s serial production vehicles. 1. Source: Global Car Brands at https://www.globalcarsbrands.com/car-brands-by-revenue-in-2021 Forward-Looking Statements Certain information in this Current Report on Form 8-K may be considered “forward-looking statements,” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, without limitation, statements regarding the Company’s and ability to satisfactorily meet the milestones agreed to with the OEM, future timeline, product development and production. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations, assumptions, hopes, beliefs, intentions and strategies regarding future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to ones listed here. The Company faces significant barriers in its attempts to produce a solid-state battery cell and may not be able to successfully develop its solid-state battery cell. Building high volumes of multi-layer cells in commercially relevant sizes and with higher layer count requires substantial development effort. The Company could encounter significant delays and/or technical challenges in replicating the performance seen in its single-layer cells and early multi-layer cells and in achieving the high quality, consistency, throughput and performance targets required for commercial production and sale. The Company may encounter delays and other obstacles in acquiring, installing and operating new manufacturing equipment for automated and/or continuous-flow processes, including vendor delays (which we have already experienced) and challenges optimizing complex manufacturing processes. The Company may encounter delays in hiring the engineers it needs to expand its development and production efforts, delays in planning, permitting, building out and commencing operations at QS-0, and delays caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Delays in increasing production of engineering samples would slow the Company’s development efforts. The Company may be unable to adequately control the costs associated with its operations and the components necessary to build its solid-state battery cells at competitive prices. The Company’s spending may be higher than currently anticipated. Even if the Company achieves the requisite milestones under its agreement with the OEM, the Company may be unable to reach agreement with the OEM on the terms of a joint venture and therefore the joint venture may not be established. The Company may not be successful in competing in the battery market industry or establishing and maintaining confidence in its long-term business prospectus among current and future partners and customers. The Company may be adversely impacted by litigation and regulatory proceedings. The Company cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Further information about factors that could materially affect the Company, including its results of operations and financial condition, is set forth under the “Risk Factors” section in the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC on February 28, 2022. 2 Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Company disclaims any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results and projections could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these and other factors that could materially affect the Company’s actual results can be found in the Company’s periodic filings with the SEC. The Company’s SEC filings are available publicly on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 3 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. Dated: March 1, 2022 4