8-K ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC false 0001070494 0001070494 2020-07-20 2020-07-20 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 20, 2020 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (858) 558-2871 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. of Form 8-K): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01 Other Events. The FDA has assigned a standard review with a PDUFA (Prescription Drug User Fee Act) action date of April 3, 2021. The FDA has also informed the Company that it has not identified any potential review issues at this point in their evaluation and at this time they are not planning to hold an Advisory Committee meeting. The sNDA is supported by results from the pivotal Phase 3 HARMONY study, which met its primary endpoint, demonstrating that pimavanserin significantly reduced the risk of relapse of psychosis by 2.8 fold compared to placebo (hazard ratio = 0.353; one-sided p=0.0023). The sNDA also includes positive efficacy results from two additional placebo-controlled studies, both of which met their respective primary endpoints: The Phase 2 (-019) study in patients with Alzheimer’s disease psychosis and the Phase 3 (-020) study in patients with Parkinson’s disease psychosis. The sNDA includes a large safety database from completed and ongoing studies representing over 1500 patients with neurodegenerative disease. The study did not achieve statistical significance on the primary endpoint which was the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) total score change from baseline to week 5. Pimavanserin 34 mg, given once-daily as an adjunctive treatment to standard antidepressant therapy was associated with a mean reduction of 9.0 in HAMD-17 total score compared to 8.1 for placebo as an adjunctive treatment (p=0.296). Positive results were observed on the key secondary endpoint, the Clinical Global Impression – Severity (CGI-S) score, a clinician assessment of a patient’s severity of depression (nominal p=0.042). In the study, pimavanserin was generally well-tolerated when added to existing antidepressant therapy, and similar rates of adverse events were observed between pimavanserin (58.1%) and placebo (54.7%). The Phase 3 CLARITY study is a combination of CLARITY-2 and CLARITY-3, which were both 6-week, parallel-designed, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center studies designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of pimavanserin as adjunctive treatment in patients with MDD who have an inadequate response to standard antidepressant therapy with either a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) or a serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI). A total of 298 patients were randomized to receive six weeks of oral treatment with either 34 mg of pimavanserin or placebo, once daily, in addition to their ongoing antidepressant. The primary endpoint was change from baseline on the HAMD-17 total score. Copies of ACADIA’s press releases issued July 20, 2020 are furnished herewith as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2. Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this Current Report that are not strictly historical in nature are forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to the potential benefits of pimavanserin as adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder, the hallucinations and delusions associated with dementia-related psychosis or other central nervous system disorders, the potential results of clinical trials of pimavanserin in other indications, and the expected growth in patients with dementia. These statements are only predictions based on current information and expectations and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from those projected in any of such statements due to various factors, including the risks and uncertainties inherent in drug development, approval and commercialization, and the fact that past results of clinical trials may not be indicative of future trial results. For a discussion of these and other factors, please refer to ACADIA’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 as well as ACADIA’s subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and ACADIA undertakes no obligation to revise or update this Current Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by law. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.