10-Q 1 vktx-10q_20200331.htm 10-Q vktx-10q_20200331.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020 OR For the transition period from to Commission File Number 001-37355 VIKING THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (858) 704-4660 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: VIKING THERAPEUTICS, INC. FORM 10-Q FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I. FINANCI AL INFORMATION Viking Therapeutics, Inc. Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 1 + Viking Therapeutics, Inc. Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (In thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 2 Viking Therapeutics, Inc. Statements of Stockholders’ Equity (In thousands, except share amounts) (Unaudited) 3 Viking Therapeutics, Inc. Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) (Unaudited) See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 4 Viking Therapeutics, Inc. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 1. Organization, Liquidity and Management’s Plan, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies The Company Viking Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel therapies for metabolic and endocrine disorders. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 24, 2012 and its principal executive offices are located in San Diego, California. Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). The accompanying balance sheet as of March 31, 2020, statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, statements of stockholders’ equity for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 and statements of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are unaudited. These unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2019 contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC on February 26, 2020. The unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to state fairly the Company’s financial position as of March 31, 2020, the results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, the statements of stockholders’ equity for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019. The December 31, 2019 balance sheet included herein was derived from the audited financial statements, but it does not include all disclosures or notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The financial data and other information disclosed in these notes to the financial statements related to the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are unaudited. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for an entire year. Risks and Uncertainties The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business is highly uncertain and difficult to predict, as the responses that the Company, other businesses and governments are taking continue to evolve. Furthermore, capital markets and economies worldwide have also been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and it is possible that it could cause a local and/or global economic recession. Policymakers around the globe have responded with fiscal policy actions to support the healthcare industry and economy as a whole. The magnitude and overall effectiveness of these actions remain uncertain. In addition, the Company’s clinical trials have been affected by and may continue to be affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. Clinical site initiation and patient enrollment may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the COVID-19 outbreak. Some patients may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Similarly, the ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19, may adversely impact the Company’s clinical trial operations. The severity of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic and the extent and severity of the impact on the Company’s service providers, suppliers, contract research organizations and the Company’s clinical trials, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of the date of issuance of Company’s financial statements, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may materially impact the Company’s financial condition, liquidity or results of operations is uncertain. Reclassification Certain amounts reported in prior years in the financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. An adjustment has been made to the Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2020 to separate the lease accounting into separate line items: amortization of right-of-use assets, interest expense related to operating lease liability and lease liability whereas the net amount of these line items was 5 originally reports within the accrued expenses line item. This change in classification does not affect previously reported cash used in operating activities in the Statements of Cash Flows . Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the accompanying financial statements. Significant estimates made in preparing these financial statements relate to accounting for an operating lease and certain commitments. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Investments Available-for-Sale Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts is included in interest income. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary, if any, on available-for-sale securities are included in other income (expense). The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Interest and dividends on securities classified as available-for-sale are included in interest income. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. The Company maintains deposits in federally insured depository institutions in excess of federally insured limits. Management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the depository institutions in which those deposits are held. Additionally, the Company has established guidelines regarding approved investments and maturities of investments, which are designed to maintain safety and liquidity. Prepaid Clinical Trial and Preclinical Study Costs Prepaid clinical trial and preclinical study costs represent advance payments by the Company for future clinical trial and preclinical study services to be performed by the clinical research organization and other research organizations. Such amounts are recognized as research and development expense as the related clinical trial and preclinical study services are performed. Leases The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in right-of-use (“ROU”) assets, and lease liability obligations are included in the Company’s balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liability obligations represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the Company’s leases typically do not provide an implicit rate, the Company estimates its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company uses the implicit rate when readily determinable. The ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and lease direct costs. The Company’s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Please refer to Note 4 for additional information. Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs represent legal, accounting and other direct costs related to the Company’s efforts to raise capital through a public or private sale of the Company’s common stock. Costs related to the public sale of the Company’s common stock are deferred until the completion of the applicable offering, at which time such costs are reclassified to additional paid-in-capital as a reduction of the proceeds. Costs related to the private sale of the Company’s common stock are deferred until the completion of the applicable offering, at which time such costs are amortized over the term of the applicable purchase agreement. 6 Revenue Recognition The Company has not recorded any revenues since its inception. However, in the future, the Company may enter into collaborative research and licensing agreements, under which the Company could be eligible for payments made in the form of upfront license fees, research funding, cost reimbursement, contingent event-based payments and/or royalties. On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers and all related amendments (“ASC 606” or “the new revenue standard”). ASC 606 is a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-s pecific guidance. The new revenue standard is based on the principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, ASC 606 provides that an entity should apply the following steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new revenue standard also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, and costs to obtain or fulfill contracts. The Company will apply ASC 606 prospectively to all contracts. Research and Development Expenses All costs of research and development are expensed in the period incurred. Research and development costs primarily consist of fees paid to contract research organizations (“CROs”) and clinical trial sites, employee and consultant related expenses, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for research and development personnel, external research and development expenses incurred pursuant to agreements with third-party manufacturing organizations, facilities costs, travel costs, dues and subscriptions, depreciation and materials used in preclinical studies, clinical trials and research and development. The Company estimates its preclinical study and clinical trial expenses based on the services it received pursuant to contracts with research institutions and CROs that conduct and manage preclinical studies and clinical trials on the Company’s behalf. Clinical trial-related contracts vary significantly in length, and may be for a fixed amount based on milestones or deliverables, a variable amount based on actual costs incurred, capped at a certain limit, or a combination of these elements. The Company accrues service fees based on work performed, which relies on estimates of total costs incurred based on milestones achieved, patient enrollment and other events. The majority of the Company’s service providers invoice the Company in arrears, and to the extent that amounts invoiced differ from its estimates of expenses incurred, the Company accrues for additional costs. The financial terms of these agreements vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven expenses and payment flows. Preclinical study and clinical trial expenses include: Payments under some of these agreements depend on factors such as the milestones accomplished, including enrollment of certain numbers of patients, site initiation and the completion of clinical trial milestones. To date, the Company has not experienced any events requiring it to make material adjustments to its accruals for service fees. If the Company does not identify costs that it has begun to incur or if it underestimates or overestimates the level of services performed or the costs of these services, its actual expenses could differ from its estimates which could materially affect its results of operations. Adjustments to the Company’s accruals are recorded as changes in estimates become evident. Furthermore, based on amounts invoiced to the Company by its service providers, the Company may also record payments made to those providers as prepaid expenses that will be recognized as expense in future periods as services are rendered. Patent Costs Costs related to filing and pursuing patent applications are expensed as incurred to general and administrative expense, as recoverability of such expenditures is uncertain. Stock-Based Compensation The Company generally uses the straight-line method to allocate compensation cost to reporting periods over each optionee’s requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, and estimates the fair value of stock-based awards or restricted stock units to employees and directors using the Black-Scholes option-valuation model (the “Black-Scholes model”). The Black-Scholes model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including volatility, the expected term and the fair value of the underlying common stock 7 on the date of grant, among other inputs. For restricted stock and r estricted stock unit awards, the Company generally uses the straight-line method to allocate compensation cost to reporting periods over the holder’s requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, and uses the fair value at grant date to value the awards. For restricted stock that vests upon the satisfaction of certain performance conditions, the Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense when it becomes probable that the performance conditions will be met. At the grant date, the Company determines the grant date fair value, as a publicly traded company, using the intrinsic value, or the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. At the point where the criteria are deemed probable of being met, the Company re cords stock-based compensation with a cumulative catch-up expense in the period first recognized and then on a straight-line basis over the remaining period for which the performance criteria are expected to be completed. For the Company’s 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”), the Company generally recognizes compensation expense for the fair value of the purchase options, as measured on the grant date, and uses the graded vesting method to allocate this compensation cost to each purchase period within the related two-year offering period. As the ESPP also allows for up to one increase in contributions during each purchase period, as an employee elects to increase his or her contributions, the Company treats this as an accounting modification. The pre- and post-modification values are calculated on the date of the modification, and the incremental expense is then amortized over the remaining purchase periods. Income Taxes The Company accounts for its income taxes using the liability method whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the basis used for financial reporting and income tax reporting purposes. Deferred income taxes are provided based on the enacted tax rates in effect at the time such temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize those tax assets through future operations. ASC Topic 740-10, Income Taxes , clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the Company’s financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Income tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to be recognized. Income tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. The Company’s policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Net Loss per Common Share Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period, without consideration for common stock equivalents. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common share equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury-stock method. For purposes of this calculation, the Company currently does not have any deemed common share equivalents; therefore, its basic and diluted net loss per share calculations are the same. The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net loss per common share (in thousands, except share and per share data): 8 Potentially dilutive securities that are not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share because their effect is anti-dilutive are as follows (in common equivalent shares): Segments The Company operates in only one segment. Management uses cash flows as the primary measure to manage its business and does not segment its business for internal reporting or decision making purposes. 2. Investments in Marketable Securities The Company’s investment strategy is focused on capital preservation. The Company invests in instruments that meet the credit quality standards outlined in the Company’s investment policy. This policy also limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issue or type of instrument. As of March 31, 2020, the Company’s investments were in government money market funds and corporate debt securities. As of December 31, 2019, the Company’s investments were in money market funds, commercial paper and corporate debt securities. There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during the three months ended March 31, 2020 or during the year ended December 31, 2019. Investments classified as available-for-sale as of March 31, 2020 consisted of the following (in thousands): 9 Investments classified as available-for-sale as of December 31, 2019 consisted of the following (in thousands): 3. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company’s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, investments and accounts payable. The carrying amounts reported in the accompanying balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of those instruments. Fair value measurements are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: Level 1 —Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 —Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 —Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. As of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, all of the Company’s financial assets that were subject to fair value measurements were valued using observable inputs. The Company’s financial assets valued based on Level 1 inputs consist of money market funds and certificates of deposit. The Company’s financial assets valued based on Level 2 inputs consist of corporate debt securities, which consist of investments in highly-rated investment-grade corporations. The Company’s investment strategy is focused on capital preservation. The Company invests in instruments that meet the credit quality standards outlined in the Company’s investment policy. This policy also limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issue or type of instrument. As of March 31, 2020, the Company’s investments were in government money market funds and corporate debt securities. 10 The fair values of the Company’s financial instruments are presented below (in thousands): 4. Operating Leases – ROU Assets and Lease Liability Obligations The Company has only one operating lease which is for office space that expires in January 2022. Below is a summary of the Company’s ROU assets and lease liabilities as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 (in thousands, except for years and %): During each of the three months ended March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company recognized $77,000 in operating lease expenses, which are included in operating expenses in the Company’s statement of operations. Approximate future minimum lease payments for the Company’s ROU assets over the remaining lease period as of March 31, 2020 are as follows (in thousands): 11 5. Stockholders’ Equity Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.00001 par value per share, with no shares of preferred stock outstanding as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The Company’s Board of Directors is authorized to designate the terms and conditions of any preferred stock the Company may issue without further action by the stockholders of the Company. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to 300,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.00001 par value per share. In February 2014, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with one of its founders. The agreement provided for the purchase of 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at a price per share of $0.01 in exchange for future services to be rendered to the Company as measured by certain performance criteria. The shares were subject to a repurchase option and were to vest in two tranches of 500,000 shares each, upon achievement of the performance target or upon a triggering event as defined. The Company determined that the fair value of the unrecognized expense was $168,000 at February 20, 2014, the grant date. In May 2015, the Company repurchased 633,810 of these shares at a purchase price of $0.00001 per share. In connection with the repurchase, the Company entered into an amendment to the stock purchase agreement to provide that the remaining 366,190 shares will continue to vest in two tranches of 183,095 shares each, upon achievement of the performance target or upon a triggering event as defined. The pro rata grant date fair value of the unrecognized expense is $62,000. In October 2015, a triggering event became probable of occurrence and was deemed achieved in October 2016; therefore, the Company recorded $31,000 of stock-based compensation expense through December 31, 2016. No similar expense was recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019. The Company will continue to reassess at each reporting period whether it is probable that the performance target will be achieved, and if and when it is deemed probable, the Company will begin to record compensation expense using the fair value to determine stock-based compensation expense in its financial statements over the period the Company estimates the performance target will actually be achieved. On February 8, 2017, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”) with PoC Capital, LLC (“PoC”), pursuant to which, among other things, the Company issued to PoC 1,286,173 shares of its common stock. Under the terms of the SPA, PoC agreed to fund $1.8 million in study costs associated with certain clinical studies. Any study costs in excess of that amount were to be the Company’s sole responsibility. The Company accounted for the $1.8 million as a prepaid expense on the balance sheet, which was fully amortized as of December 31, 2019. During the three months ended March 31, 2019, the Company recorded amortization expense of $134,000 in clinical study costs related to the SPA with PoC. On September 28, 2017, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (“LPC”) pursuant to which, on September 29, 2017, the Company sold to LPC 701,282 shares of common stock at a price of approximately $1.78 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $1.3 million, pursuant to the Company’s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-212134), filed with the SEC on June 20, 2016, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto filed with the SEC on July 26, 2016, and declared effective on July 26, 2016, and the prospectus supplement thereto dated September 28, 2017. On September 28, 2017, the Company also entered into a purchase agreement (the “Commitment Purchase Agreement”) and a registration rights agreement with LPC, pursuant to which the Company had the right to sell to LPC up to $15.0 million in shares of common stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Commitment Purchase Agreement. Upon the satisfaction of the conditions in the Commitment Purchase Agreement (the “Commencement”), which occurred on October 26, 2017, the Company has the right, from time to time at its sole discretion over the 30-month period from and after the first day of the month following the Commencement, to direct LPC to purchase up to 75,000 shares of common stock on any business day (subject to certain limitations contained in the Commitment Purchase Agreement), with such amounts increasing based on certain threshold prices set forth in the Commitment Purchase Agreement; however, not to exceed $1.0 million in total purchase proceeds per purchase date. The purchase price of shares of common stock that the Company elects to sell to LPC pursuant to the Commitment Purchase Agreement will be based on the market prices of the common stock at the time of such purchases as set forth in the Commitment Purchase Agreement. In addition to regular purchases, as described above, the Company may also direct LPC to purchase additional amounts as accelerated purchases or as additional purchases if the closing sale price of the common stock is not below certain threshold prices, as set forth in the Commitment Purchase Agreement. In all instances, the Company may not sell shares of its common stock to LPC under the Commitment Purchase Agreement if it would result in LPC beneficially owning more than 4.99% of the common stock. As consideration for LPC’s commitment to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the Commitment Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to LPC 100,000 shares of common stock (the “LPC Commitment Shares”) . From inception of the Commitment Purchase Agreement through December 31, 2017, 343,051 shares were issued pursuant to the Commitment Purchase Agreement 12 resulting in aggregate gross proceeds of $802,000 in addition to the LPC In itial Shares and the LPC Commitment Shares. No additional shares were issued during the year s ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 or during the three months ended March 31, 2020. On August 1, 2019, the Company entered into an At-The-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the “ATM Agreement”) with Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. (together, the “Agents”), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Agents, as sales agent or principal (the “ATM Offering”), shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $75.0 million (the “ATM Shares”). Any ATM Shares offered and sold in the ATM Offering will be issued pursuant to the Company’s universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-226133), filed with the SEC on July 11, 2018 and declared effective on July 19, 2018 and the 424(b) prospectus supplement relating to the ATM Offering dated August 1, 2019. No shares of the Company’s common stock were sold under the ATM Agreement from its inception through March 31, 2020. On March 17, 2020, Company’s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, whereby the Company may purchase up to $50 million in shares of its common stock and outstanding warrants to purchase common stock, over a period of up to two years (the “Repurchase Program”). The Repurchase Program may be carried out at the discretion of a committee of the Company’s Board of Directors through open market purchases, one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, block trades and in privately negotiated transactions. Through March 31, 2020, no shares of the Company’s common stock or warrants to purchase its common stock were repurchased by the Company under the Repurchase Program. Shares repurchased by the Company under the Repurchase Program, if any, are expected to be held in treasury until such time as they are reissued or retired by the Company. 6. Stock-Based Compensation 2014 Plan . The Company’s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2014 Plan”) provides that the compensation committee of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”) may grant or issue stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted stock units and unrestricted shares, deferred share units, performance and cash-settled awards and dividend equivalent rights to participants under the 2014 Plan. Initially, a total of 1,527,770 shares of the Company’s common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2014 Plan, which number is also the limit on shares of common stock available for awards of incentive stock options. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2014 Plan will, unless otherwise determined by the Company’s Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, be automatically increased on January 1st of each year commencing on January 1, 2016 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2024, in an amount equal to 3.5% of the total number of shares of the Company’s common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year. The shares of common stock deliverable pursuant to awards under the 2014 Plan are authorized but unissued shares of the Company’s common stock, or shares of the Company’s common stock that the Company otherwise holds in treasury or in trust. Any shares of the Company’s common stock underlying awards that are settled in cash or otherwise expire, or are forfeited, terminated or cancelled (including pursuant to an exchange program established by the Compensation Committee) prior to the issuance of stock will again be available for issuance under the 2014 Plan. In addition, shares of the Company’s common stock that are withheld (or not issued) in payment of the exercise price or taxes relating to an award, and shares of the Company’s common stock equal to the number surrendered in payment of any exercise price or withholding taxes relating to an award, will again be available for issuance under the 2014 Plan. As of December 31, 2019, there were 2,835,203 shares of the Company’s common stock available for grant and, effective January 1, 2020, an additional 2,534,476 shares of the Company’s common stock were added to the number of shares reserved for grant under the 2014 Plan in accordance with the terms of the 2014 Plan. ESPP . Initially, a total of 458,331 shares of the Company’s common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the ESPP. The number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP will, unless otherwise determined by the Company’s Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, be automatically increased on January 1st of each year commencing on January 1, 2016 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2024, in an amount equal to 1% of the total number of shares of the Company’s common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year. The shares of common stock available for purchase pursuant to the ESPP are authorized but unissued shares of the Company’s common stock, shares of the Company’s common stock that the Company otherwise holds in treasury or shares of the Company’s common stock that were purchased on the open market in arms’ length transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws. Shares of the Company’s common stock will be offered for purchase under the ESPP as determined by the Compensation Committee through a series of successive offerings that each have a term of 24 months and consist of four consecutive purchase periods of six months each. Prior to the commencement of any future offering under the ESPP, the Compensation Committee may determine that the current offering shall end, may commence a new offering on the first day after the end of such terminal purchase period (or any desired later date), and may decide that future offerings will consist of one or more consecutive purchase periods, each to be of such duration as determined by the Compensation Committee; however, no offering will exceed 27 months and no purchase period will exceed one year. Each employee of the Company who (1) is an employee on the first date of any offering under the ESPP, (2) is customarily scheduled to work for more than 20 hours per week and more than five months per calendar year, and (3) meets such other criteria as may be determined by the Compensation Committee (consistent with 13 Section 423 of the Internal Revenue C ode of 1986, as amended), is eligible to participate in the ESPP for each purchase period within such offering. The purchase price per share of the Company’s common stock under the ESPP may not be less than, and will initially be equal to, the lesser of: ( 1) 85% of the fair market value per share of the Company’s common stock on the first day of the offering, or (2) 85% of the fair market value per share of the Company’s common stock on the date the purchase right is exercised, which will be the last day of the applicable purchase period. As of December 31, 2019, there were 1,600,020 shares of the Company’s common stock available for issuance and , effective January 1, 2020, an additional 724,136 shares of the Company’s common stock were added to the number o f shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP in accordance with the terms of the ESPP . The Company generally uses the straight-line method to allocate compensation cost to reporting periods over each optionee’s requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, and estimates the fair value of stock-based awards or restricted stock units to employees and directors using the Black-Scholes model. The Black-Scholes model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including volatility, the expected term and the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant, among other inputs. For restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards, the Company generally uses the straight-line method to allocate compensation cost to reporting periods over the holder’s requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, and uses the fair value at grant date to value the awards. For restricted stock that vests upon the satisfaction of certain performance conditions, the Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense when it becomes probable that the performance conditions will be met. At the grant date, the Company determines the grant date fair value, as a publicly traded company, using the intrinsic value, or the closing price of its common stock on the date of grant. At the point where the criteria are deemed probable of being met, the Company records stock-based compensation with a cumulative catch-up expense in the period first recognized and then on a straight-line basis over the remaining period for which the performance criteria are expected to be completed. For the ESPP, the Company generally recognizes compensation expense for the fair value of the purchase options, as measured on the grant date, and uses the graded vesting method to allocate this compensation cost to each purchase period within the related two-year offering period. As the ESPP also allows for up to one increase in contributions during each purchase period, then as an employee elects to increase their contributions, the Company treats this as an accounting modification. The pre- and post-modification values are calculated on the date of the modification, and the incremental expense is then amortized over the remaining purchase periods. During the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized the following stock-based compensation expense (in thousands): The following table sets forth the Company’s unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, by type of award and the weighted-average period over which that expense is expected to be recognized (in thousands, except for years): 14 The following table is a summary of restricted stock activity during the three months ended March 31, 2020: The following table summarizes restricted stock unit activity during the three months ended March 31, 2020: In January 2019, the Company issued 221,600 performance based restricted stock units (“PRSU awards”) to several of its employees, which are reflected in the above table summarizing restricted stock unit activity. The shares subject to these PRSU awards shall vest upon the Company achieving certain milestones, with 100% of the PRSU awards vesting upon the achievement of three of the milestones over a four-year period, with any then-unvested portion of the PRSU awards to be cancelled on the four-year anniversary of the grant dates. As of March 31, 2020, 20,000 PRSU awards were forfeited and three of the milestones were deemed as probable of achievement, resulting in the Company recording stock-based compensation expense of $734,000 through December 31, 2019 and $142,000 during the three months ended March 31, 2020. In January 2020, the Company issued 244,000 PRSU awards to several of its employees, which are reflected in the above table summarizing restricted stock unit activity. The shares subject to these PRSU awards shall vest upon the Company achieving certain milestones, with 100% of the PRSU awards vesting upon the achievement of three of the milestones over a four-year period, with any then-unvested portion of the PRSU awards to be cancelled on the four-year anniversary of the grant dates. As of March 31, 2020, three of the milestones were deemed as probable of achievement, resulting in the Company recording stock-based compensation expense of $387,000 during the three months ended March 31, 2020. The following table summarizes stock option activity during the three months ended March 31, 2020: The Company received $12,000 and $65,000 in cash proceeds from exercises of stock options during the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 15 Compensation cost for stock options granted to employees is based on the e stimated grant date fair value and is recognized ratably over the vesting period of the applicable option. The estimated per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted to employees during the three months ended March 31, 2020 was $5. 0 4. As stock-based compensation expense recognized is based on options ultimately expected to vest, the fair value of each employee option grant during the three months ended March 31, 2020 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model with the following weighted average assumptions: Expected Volatility. The expected volatility rate used to value stock option grants is based on volatilities of a peer group of similar companies whose share prices are publicly available. The peer group was developed based on companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry in a similar stage of development to the Company. Expected Term . The Company elected to utilize the “simplified” method for “plain vanilla” options to value stock option grants. Under this approach, the weighted-average expected life is presumed to be the average of the vesting term and the contractual term of the option. Risk-free Interest Rate . The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury instruments that had terms consistent with the expected term of the Company’s stock option grants. Expected Dividend Yield . The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends and does not presently plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Forfeitures are accounted for as actual forfeitures occur. Since the Company had a net operating loss carryforward as of March 31, 2020, no excess tax benefits for the tax deductions related to stock-based awards were recognized in the Statements of Operations. 7. Warrants On April 13, 2016, pursuant to an underwritten public offering (the “April 2016 Offering”), the Company sold 7,500,000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to 7,500,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $1.25 per share of common stock and related warrant. The warrants have an exercise price of $1.50 per share of common stock, were immediately exercisable upon issuance and will expire on April 13, 2021. Additionally, on April 13, 2016, the underwriters for the April 2016 Offering partially exercised the over-allotment option for warrants to purchase an additional 1,125,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at a public offering price of $0.01 per warrant to purchase a share of common stock. As of March 31, 2020, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,988,856 shares were outstanding and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7,050 shares were exercised during the three months ended March 31, 2020. On April 13, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the loan and security agreement with Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (“Ligand”), the Company issued to Ligand a warrant to purchase up to 960,000 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Ligand Warrant”). The Ligand Warrant has an exercise price of $1.50 per share of Company common stock, was immediately exercisable upon issuance (subject to a limitation on exercise to the extent that any exercise thereof would increase Ligand’s beneficial ownership of the Company’s common stock to greater than 49.9%) and expires on April 13, 2021. The Ligand Warrant was issued to Ligand as a part of the repayment of $1.2 million of the Company’s obligation under the secured convertible promissory note issued to Ligand pursuant to the loan and security agreement with Ligand . On June 14, 2017, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement, with certain accredited investors (the “Purchasers”), pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of 3,749,783 shares (the “Shares”), of its common stock, and the warrants to purchase up to an aggregate 2,812,337 shares of its common stock to the Purchasers (the “Warrants”). The combined purchase price for one Share and one Warrant to purchase 0.75 shares of common stock, was $1.15. The closing of the issuance of the Shares and the Warrants occurred on June 19, 2017. The Warrants have an exercise price of $1.30 per share, subject to adjustment as provided therein, and became exercisable beginning on December 19, 2017 through December 19, 2022. Each holder of a Warrant does not have the right to exercise any portion of its Warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 16 4.99% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise (the “Beneficial Ownership Limitation”); provided, howeve r, that upon 61 days’ prior notice to the Company, the holder may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation; however, in no event shall the Beneficial Ownership Limitation exceed 9.99%. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable up on the exercise of the Warrants will be subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividends and splits, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization or similar transaction, as described in the Warrants. On January 16, 2018, the resale Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-222202) that the Company filed related to the 1,987,337 shares subject to unexercised warrants was declared effective by the SEC. As of March 31, 2020 , warrants to purchase an aggregate of 787,087 shares we re outstanding and 98,308 warrants were exercised during the three months ended March 31, 2020 . 8. Commitments and Contingencies On May 25, 2018, the Company entered into an office lease (the “Lease”) with Kilroy Realty, L.P. The Lease is for approximately 7,149 rentable square feet of space located at the 12340 El Camino Real, Suite 250, San Diego, California 92130 (the “Premises”). The Premises will continue t o be the Company’s corporate headquarters. The Lease commenced on November 1, 2018 and will expire on January 31, 2022, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the Lease (the “Term”). Monthly base rent payments due under the Lease for the Premises will be $27,000, subject to annual increases of 3.0% during the term of the Lease. Under the Lease, the Company is responsible for certain charges for common area maintenance and other costs, including electricity and utility expenses and the Lease provides for abatement of rent during certain periods and escalating rent payments throughout the term of the Lease. Rent expense is being recorded on a straight-line basis over the life of the Lease and the difference between the rent expense and rent paid is being recorded as deferred rent. The Lease provides the Company with an option to extend the term of the lease for a period of three years beyond the Term. If the option is exercised, the renewal term will be upon the same terms and conditions as the original Term, except that the base rent will be equal to the prevailing market rate as determined pursuant to the terms of the Lease. Rent expense was $81,000 and $78,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Future minimum payments pursuant to the Lease are as follows (in thousands) : 9. Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated all subsequent events through the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the SEC, to ensure that this filing includes appropriate disclosure of events both recognized in the financial statements as of March 31, 2020, and events which occurred subsequent to March 31, 2020, but which were not recognized in the financial statements. The Company has determined that there were no subsequent events which required recognition, adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements. 17 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in connection with the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include estimates of our expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; statements regarding our ability to develop, acquire and advance drug candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials and preclinical studies; statements concerning new product candidates; risks and uncertainties associated with our research and development activities, including our clinical trials and preclinical studies; our expectations regarding the potential market size and the size of the patient populations for our drug candidates, if approved for commercial use, and our ability to serve such markets; statements regarding our ability to maintain and establish collaborations or obtain additional funding; statements regarding developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts or statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may” or “will,” the negative versions of these terms and similar expressions or variations. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially and adversely from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, filings. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements. Overview We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel, first-in-class or best-in-class therapies for metabolic and endocrine disorders. Our lead clinical program’s drug candidate, VK2809, is an orally available, tissue and receptor-subtype selective agonist of the thyroid hormone receptor beta, or TRß. In November 2019, we initiated the VOYAGE study, a Phase 2b clinical trial of VK2809 in patients with biopsy-confirmed non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH. The VOYAGE study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial designed to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of VK2809 in patients with biopsy-confirmed NASH and fibrosis ranging from stages F1 to F3. The study is targeting enrollment of approximately 340 patients across five treatment arms. The primary endpoint of the study will evaluate the relative change in liver fat content, as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging, proton density fat fraction (MRI-PDFF), from baseline to week 12 in subjects treated with VK2809 as compared to placebo. Secondary objectives include evaluation of histologic changes assessed by hepatic biopsy after 52 weeks of dosing. VK2809 has been evaluated in six completed clinical studies, which enrolled more than 260 subjects. To date, no serious adverse events, or SAEs, have been observed in subjects receiving VK2809, and overall tolerability remains encouraging. In addition, the compound has been evaluated in chronic toxicity studies of up to 12 months in duration. We are also developing VK0214, which is also an orally available, tissue and receptor-subtype selective agonist of TRß for X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy, or X-ALD, a rare X-linked, inherited neurological disorder characterized by a breakdown in the protective barriers surrounding brain and nerve cells. The disease, for which there is no approved treatment, is caused by mutations in a peroxisomal transporter of very long chain fatty acids, or VLCFA, known as ABCD1. As a result, transporter function is impaired and patients are unable to efficiently metabolize VLCFA. The TRß receptor is known to regulate expression of an alternative VLCFA transporter, known as ABCD2. Various preclinical models have demonstrated that increased expression of ABCD2 can lead to normalization of VLCFA metabolism. Preliminary data suggest that VK0214 stimulates ABCD2 expression in an in vitro model and reduces VLCFA levels in an in vivo model of X-ALD. Pending completion of certain ongoing toxicology studies, we expect to file an investigational new drug application, or IND, to initiate a proof-of-concept study in patients with X-ALD in 2020. Our second clinical program’s lead drug candidate, VK5211, is an orally available, non-steroidal selective androgen receptor modulator, or SARM. In November 2017, we announced positive top-line results from a Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trial in 108 patients recovering from non-elective hip fracture surgery. Top-line data showed that the trial achieved its primary endpoint, demonstrating statistically significant, dose dependent increases in lean body mass, less head, following treatment with VK5211 as compared to placebo. The study also achieved certain secondary endpoints, demonstrating statistically significant increases in appendicular lean body mass and total lean body mass for all doses of VK5211, compared to placebo. VK5211 demonstrated 18 encouraging safety and tolerability in this study, with no drug-related SAEs reported. Our intent is to continue to pursue pa rtnering or licensing opportunities prior to conducting additional clinical studies. We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 24, 2012. Since our incorporation, we have devoted most of our efforts towards conducting certain clinical trials and preclinical studies related to our VK2809, VK5211 and VK0214 programs, as well as efforts towards raising capital and building infrastructure. We obtained exclusive worldwide rights to our VK2809, VK5211 and VK0214 programs and certai n other assets pursuant to an exclusive license agreement with Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, or Ligand. The terms of this license agreement are detailed in the Master License Agreement with Ligand, which we entered into on May 21, 2014, as amended, or the Master License Agreement. A summary of the Master License Agreement can be found under the heading “Agreements with Ligand—Master License Agreement” under Part I, “Item 1. Business” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2020. We are subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business is highly uncertain and difficult to predict, as the responses that we, other businesses and governments are taking continue to evolve. Furthermore, capital markets and economies worldwide have also been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and it is possible that it could cause a local and/or global economic recession. Policymakers around the globe have responded with fiscal policy actions to support the healthcare industry and economy as a whole. The magnitude and overall effectiveness of these actions remain uncertain. In addition, our clinical trials have been affected by and may continue to be affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. Clinical site initiation and patient enrollment may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the COVID-19 outbreak. Some patients may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Similarly, the ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19, may adversely impact our clinical trial operations. The severity of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic and the extent and severity of the impact on our service providers, suppliers, contract research organizations and our clinical trials, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of the date of issuance of our financial statements, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may materially impact our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations is uncertain. Financial Operations Overview Revenues To date, we have not generated any revenue. We do not expect to receive any revenue from any drug candidates that we develop unless and until we obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize, our drug candidates or enter into collaborative agreements with third parties. Research and Development Expenses During the year ended December 31, 2019, we charged $23.6 million to research and development expense primarily related to our efforts to prepare for the initiation of the VK2809 Phase 2b VOYAGE clinical trial as well as certain toxicology studies for VK2809 and in vivo studies for VK0214. During the three months ended March 31, 2020, we charged $8.0 million to research and development expenses primarily related to our ongoing efforts in conducting the Phase 2b VOYAGE clinical trial, certain toxicology studies, and manufacturing of drug product. We expect that our ongoing research and development expenses will consist of costs incurred for the development of our drug candidates, including, but not limited to: 19 We expense all research and development costs as incurred. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming and the successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain. Our future research and development expenses will depend on the clinical success of each of our drug candidates, as well as ongoing assessments of the commercial potential of such drug candidates. In addition, we cannot forecast with any degree of certainty which drug candidates may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. We expect to incur increased research and development expenses in the future as we continue our efforts towards advancing our VK2809 and VK0214 programs and seek to advance our additional programs. General and Administrative Expenses Our general and administrative expenses have generally increased year-over-year as we have hired additional employees, issued additional equity awards, which has resulted in increased stock-based compensation expense, implemented certain systems to increase efficiency, and incurred additional costs for insurance, legal and accounting related to operating as a public company. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will continue to increase in the future in order to support our expected increase in research and development activities, including increased salaries and other related costs, stock-based compensation and consulting fees for executive, finance, accounting and business development functions. We also expect general and administrative expenses to increase as a result of additional costs associated with being a public company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, additional insurance expenses, investor relations activities and other administration and professional services. Other significant costs are expected to include legal fees relating to patent and corporate matters, facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, and fees for accounting and other consulting services. Other Income (Expense) Other income (expense) includes interest income earned from our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. JOBS Act We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the rules under the Securities Act, and we utilize certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. For example, as an emerging growth company, we are not required to provide an auditor’s attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting in our annual reports on Form 10-K as otherwise required by Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. In addition, Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, provides that an emerging growth company can utilize the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to “opt out” of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act. As a result, we are complying with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments related to the preclinical, nonclinical and clinical development costs and drug manufacturing costs. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 and Note 3 to our financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 20 Results of Operations Comparison of the Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 Research and Development Expenses The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands, except % change). The increase in research and development expenses during the three months ended March 31, 2020 as compared to the same period in 2019 was primarily due to increased expenses related to our clinical studies of $2.6 million, pre-clinical studies of $831,000 and manufacturing for our drug candidates of $387,000, partially offset by decreased expenses related to services provided by third-party consultants of $212,000 . General and Administrative Expenses The following table summarizes our general and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands, except % change). The increase in general and administrative expenses during the three months ended March 31, 2020 as compared to the same period in 2019 was primarily due to increased expenses related to stock-based compensation of $691,000, legal services of $76,000, and salaries and benefits of $48,000, partially offset by decreased expenses related to services provided by third-party consultants of $122,000 and professional fees of $77,000. Other income (expense) The following table summarizes our other income (expense) for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands, except % change). Other income (expense) recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2020 consisted primarily of interest income of $1.3 million, partially offset by $45,000 of expense relating to the amortization of certain financing costs . Other income (expense) recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2019 consisted primarily of interest income of $1.9 million, partially offset by $30,000 of expense relating to the amortization of certain financing costs. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations and have not generated any revenues since our inception. As of March 31, 2020, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $269.2 million. As such, we believe our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least June 30, 2021, which is more than one year after the date of our filing of this Form 10-Q. Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which to date has consisted of certain research and development expenses related to furthering the development of our VK2809, VK5211 and VK0214 drug candidates, general and administrative expenses and the cost to obtain the license of intellectual property from Ligand. Since we have not generated any revenues to date, we have incurred operating losses since our inception. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of payment of these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 21 On July 11, 2018, we filed with the SEC a universal Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-226133), or the 2018 Shelf Registration Statement. The 2018 Shelf Registration Statement initially provided us w ith the ability to offer up to $450.0 million of securities, including equity, debt and other securities as described in the 2018 Shelf Registration Statement. The 2018 Shelf Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on July 19, 2018. Pursuant to the 2018 Shelf Registration Statement, we may offer additional securities from time to time and through one or more methods of distribution, subject to market conditions and our capital needs. Specific terms and prices will be determined at the time of each offering under a separate prospectus supplement, which will be filed with the SEC at the time of any offering. On August 1, 2019, we entered into an At-The-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement, or the ATM Agreement, with Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. , or, together, the Agents, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Agents, as sales agent or principal, or the ATM Offering, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $75.0 million, or the ATM Shares. Any ATM Shares offered and sold in the ATM Offering will be issued pursuant to the 2018 Shelf Registration Statement and the 424(b) prospectus supplement relating to the ATM Offering dated August 1, 2019. No shares of our common stock were sold under the ATM Agreement from its inception through March 31, 2020. As of March 31, 2020, approximately $199.3 million of securities remain available and unallocated for offerings of securities under the 2018 Shelf Registration Statement. On March 17, 2020, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program, whereby we may purchase up to $50 million in shares of our common stock and outstanding warrants to purchase common stock, over a period of up to two years, or the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program may be carried out at the discretion of a committee of our board of directors through open market purchases, one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, block trades and in privately negotiated transactions. Through March 31, 2020, no shares of our common stock or warrants to purchase our common stock were repurchased by us under the Repurchase Program. The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated below (in thousands): Cash Used in Operating Activities During the three months ended March 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities of $4.3 million primarily reflected our net losses for the period, adjusted by non-cash charges such as stock-based compensation, amortization of investment premiums, amortization of right of use assets, amortization of financing costs, and interest expense related to operating lease liability as well as changes in our working capital accounts, primarily consisting of an increase in prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses. During the three months ended March 31, 2019, cash used in operating activities of $3.2 million primarily reflected our net losses for the period, adjusted by non-cash charges such as amortization of investment premiums, amortization of financing costs, amortization of non-cash clinical trial costs, and stock-based compensation as well as changes in our working capital accounts, primarily consisting of an increase in prepaid expenses and accrued expenses. Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities During the three months ended March 31, 2020, cash provided by investing activities of $11.2 million resulted primarily from the proceeds of sales and maturities of investments of $67.6 million, partially offset by the purchase of investments of $56.4 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2019, cash used in investing activities of $7.6 million resulted primarily from the purchase of investments of $99.2 million, partially offset by proceeds of sales and maturities of investments of $91.6 million. Cash Provided by Financing Activities During the three months ended March 31, 2020, cash provided by financing activities was $33,000, which consisted primarily of proceeds from certain warrant exercises of $148,000 and proceeds from certain stock option exercises of $12,000, partially offset by the value of shares withheld to cover taxes of $127,000. 22 During the three months ended March 31, 2019, cash provided by financing activities was $325,000, which consisted primar ily of proceeds from certain warrant exercises of $344,000 and proceeds from certain stock option exercises of $65,000, partially offset by the value of shares withheld to cover taxes of $84,000. Future Funding Requirements As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and based upon our current operating plan, we believe that we have sufficient capital to fund our operating and capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We anticipate, however, that we will continue to generate losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect the losses to increase materially as we continue the development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and seek to commercialize any drugs for which we receive regulatory approval. We will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and complete our ongoing and planned clinical trials. Although we expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity or debt offerings, funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our drug development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market drug candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of March 31, 2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. We are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 23 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures , no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. As required by Rule 13a-15(b) or Rule 15d-15(b) promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financ ial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financi al officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q at the reasonable assurance level. Changes in Internal Control There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended March 31, 2020 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION We are not currently party to, and none of our property is currently the subject of, any material legal proceedings. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk factors marked with an asterisk (*) below include a change from or an update to the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2020. Risks Relating to Our Business *We are a clinical-stage company, have a very limited operating history and are expected to incur significant operating losses during the next stages of our corporate development. We are a clinical-stage company. Since our incorporation in September 2012, our operations have been limited to raising capital, building infrastructure, obtaining the worldwide rights to certain technology from Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, or Ligand, and planning, preparing and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials of our drug candidates, including VK2809, VK5211 and VK0612, which are currently in Phase 2 clinical development, and VK0214 and the diacylglycerol acyltransferase-1, or DGAT-1 and erythropoietin receptor, or EPOR programs, which are each currently in preclinical development. As a result, we have no meaningful historical operations upon which to evaluate our business and prospects and have not yet demonstrated an ability to obtain marketing approval for any of our drug candidates or successfully overcome the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in the biopharmaceutical industry. We also have not generated any revenue to date, and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses. As of March 31, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $138.4 million. For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to incur losses, which will increase significantly from historical levels as we expand our drug development activities, seek potential partnering opportunities and/or regulatory approvals for our drug candidates and begin to commercialize them if they are approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or comparable foreign authorities. Even if we succeed in partnering or developing and commercializing one or more drug candidates, we may never become profitable. If we fail to achieve or maintain profitability, it would adversely affect the value of our common stock. We are substantially dependent on technologies we licensed from Ligand, and if we lose the license to such technologies or our master license agreement with Ligand, or the Master License Agreement, is terminated for any reason, our ability to develop existing and new drug candidates would be harmed, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. Our business is substantially dependent upon technology licensed from Ligand. Pursuant to the Master License Agreement, we have been granted exclusive worldwide rights to VK2809, VK5211, VK0214, VK0612 and preclinical programs for metabolic disorders and anemia. Selective androgen receptor modulators, or SARMs, such as the one used in our VK5211 program, are key compounds 24 used by us in the development and commercialization of our drug candidates. Most of the intellectual property related to our drug candidates is currently owned by Ligand, and we have the rights to use such intellectual property pursuant to the Master License Agreement. Therefore, our ability to develop and commercialize our drug candidates depends entirely on the effectiveness and continuation of the Master License Agreement. If we lose the right to license any of these key compounds, our ability to develop existing and new drug candidates would be harmed. Ligand has the right to terminate the Master License Agreement under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to: (1) in the event of our insolvency or bankruptcy, (2) if we do not pay an undisputed amount owing under the Master License Agreement when due and fail to cure such default within a specified period of time, or (3) if we default on certain of our material obligations and fail to cure the default within a specified period of time. We are dependent on the success of one or more of our current drug candidates and we cannot be certain that any of them will receive regulatory approval or be commercialized. We have spent significant time, money and effort on the licensing and development of our core metabolic and endocrine disease assets, VK2809, VK5211, VK0214, VK0612 and our earlier-stage assets, the DGAT-1 and EPOR programs. To date, no pivotal clinical trials designed to provide clinically and statistically significant proof of efficacy, or to provide sufficient evidence of safety to justify approval, have been completed with any of our drug candidates. All of our drug candidates will require additional development, including clinical trials as well as further preclinical studies to evaluate their toxicology, carcinogenicity and pharmacokinetics and optimize their formulation, and regulatory clearances before they can be commercialized. Positive results obtained during early development do not necessarily mean later development will succeed or that regulatory clearances will be obtained. Our drug development efforts may not lead to commercial drugs, either because our drug candidates fail to be safe and effective or because we have inadequate financial or other resources to advance our drug candidates through the clinical development and approval processes. If any of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety or efficacy at any time or during any phase of development, we would experience potentially significant delays in, or be required to abandon, development of the drug candidate. We do not anticipate that any of our current drug candidates will be eligible to receive regulatory approval from the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities and begin commercialization for a number of years, if ever. Even if we ultimately receive regulatory approval for any of these drug candidates, we or our potential future partners, if any, may be unable to commercialize them successfully for a variety of reasons. These include, for example, the availability of alternative treatments, lack of cost-effectiveness, the cost of manufacturing the product on a commercial scale and competition with other drugs. The success of our drug candidates may also be limited by the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects. If we fail to commercialize one or more of our current drug candidates, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to attain or maintain profitability, and our financial condition and stock price may decline. If development of our drug candidates does not produce favorable results, we and our collaborators, if any, may be unable to commercialize these products. To receive regulatory approval for the commercialization of our core metabolic and endocrine disease assets, VK2809, VK5211, VK0214, VK0612 and our earlier-stage assets, the DGAT-1and EPOR programs, or any other drug candidates that we may develop, adequate and well-controlled clinical trials must be conducted to demonstrate safety and efficacy in humans to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign authorities. In order to support marketing approval, these agencies typically require successful results in one or more Phase 3 clinical trials, which our current drug candidates have not yet reached and may never reach. The development process is expensive, can take many years and has an uncertain outcome. Failure can occur at any stage of the process. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, the development process that could delay or prevent commercialization of our current or future drug candidates, including the following: Success in early development does not mean that later development will be successful because, for example, drug candidates in later-stage clinical trials may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy despite having progressed through initial clinical trials. 25 We licensed all of the intellectual property related to our drug candidates from Ligand pursuant to the Master License Agreement. In September 2018, we reported positive top-line results from a Phase 2 clinical tri al for VK2809. In late 2017, we reported positive top-line results from a Phase 2 clinical trial for VK5211. However, there is no guarantee that the results of our Phase 2 clinical trials for VK2809 or VK5211 will be repeated for our other drug candidates or lead to other positive outcomes. As a company, we have conducted only a limited number of clinical trials and preclinical studies for our drug candidates. Therefore, we have limited experience in conducting clinical trials for our drug candidates. Since our experience with our drug candidates is limited, we will need to train our existing personnel and hire additional personnel in order to successfully administer and manage our clinical trials and other studies as planned, which may result in delays in completing such planned clinical trials and preclinical studies. Moreover, to date our drug candidates have been tested in less than the number of patients that will likely need to be studied to obtain regulatory approval. The data collected from clinical trials with larger patient populations may not demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to support regulatory approval of these drug candidates. We currently do not have strategic collaborations in place for clinical development of any of our current drug candidates. Therefore, in the future, we or any potential future collaborative partner will be responsible for establishing the targeted endpoints and goals for development of our drug candidates. These targeted endpoints and goals may be inadequate to demonstrate the safety and efficacy levels required for regulatory approvals. Even if we believe data collected during the development of our drug candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support marketing approval by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities. Further, data generated during development can be interpreted in different ways, and the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities may interpret such data in different ways than us or our collaborators. Our failure to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates would prevent our receipt of regulatory approval, and ultimately the potential commercialization of these drug candidates. Since we do not currently possess the resources necessary to independently develop and commercialize our drug candidates, including our core metabolic and endocrine disease assets, VK2809, VK5211, VK0214, VK0612 and our earlier-stage assets, the DGAT-1 and EPOR programs, or any other drug candidates that we may develop, we may seek to enter into collaborative agreements to assist in the development and potential future commercialization of some or all of these assets as a component of our strategic plan. However, our discussions with potential collaborators may not lead to the establishment of collaborations on acceptable terms, if at all, or it may take longer than expected to establish new collaborations, leading to development and potential commercialization delays, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We expect to continue to incur significant research and development expenses, which may make it difficult for us to attain profitability. We expect to expend substantial funds in research and development, including preclinical studies and clinical trials of our drug candidates, and to manufacture and market any drug candidates in the event they are approved for commercial sale. We also may need additional funding to develop or acquire complementary companies, technologies and assets, as well as for working capital requirements and other operating and general corporate purposes. Moreover, our planned increases in staffing will dramatically increase our costs in the near and long-term. However, our spending on current and future research and development programs and drug candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. Due to our limited financial and managerial resources, we must focus on a limited number of research programs and drug candidates and on specific indications. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Because the successful development of our drug candidates is uncertain, we are unable to precisely estimate the actual funds we will require to develop and potentially commercialize them. In addition, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue, even if we are able to commercialize any of our drug candidates, to become profitable. *Given our lack of current cash inflows, it is expected that we may need to raise additional capital; however, it may be unavailable to us or, even if capital is obtained, may cause dilution or place significant restrictions on our ability to operate our business. Since we will be unable to generate sufficient, if any, cash inflows to fund our operations for the foreseeable future, we may need to seek additional equity or debt financing to provide the capital required to maintain or expand our operations. As of March 31, 2020, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments totaling $269.2 million. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms or at all. If such additional financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or is not available in sufficient amounts, we may be required to delay, limit or eliminate the development of business opportunities and our ability to achieve our business objectives, our competitiveness, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be 26 materially adversely affected. In addition, we may be required to grant rights to develop and market drug candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Our inability to fund our business coul d lead to the loss of your investment. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: On July 11, 2018, we filed with the SEC a universal Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-226133), or the Shelf Registration Statement. The Shelf Registration Statement initially provided us with the ability to offer up to $450.0 million of securities, including equity, debt and other securities as described in the Shelf Registration Statement. The Shelf Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on July 19, 2018. Pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement, we may offer additional securities from time to time and through one or more methods of distribution, subject to market conditions and our capital needs. On August 1, 2019, we entered into an At-The-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement, or the ATM Agreement, with Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. , or each, an Agent and, together, the Agents, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to the Agents, as sales agent or principal, or the ATM Offering, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $75.0 million, or the Shares. Any Shares offered and sold in the ATM Offering will be issued pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement and the 424(b) prospectus supplement relating to the ATM Offering dated August 1, 2019. As of March 31, 2020, approximately $199.3 million of securities remain available and unallocated for offerings of securities under the 2018 Shelf Registration Statement. 27 If we raise additional capital by issuing equit y securities, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders may be reduced, and accordingly these stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may also issue equity securities that provide for rights, preferences and privileges senior to th ose of our common stock. Given our need for cash and that equity issuances are the most common type of fundraising for companies like ours, the risk of dilution is particularly significant for stockholders of our company. * Our business may be adversely affected by the effects of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic. In December 2019, COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China and has since spread to many other countries, including the United States. On March 11 2020, the World Health Organization, or the WHO, classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. On March 19, 2020, the Governor of California and the State Public Health Officer and Director of the California Department of Public Health ordered all individuals living in the State of California to stay at their place of residence for an indefinite period of time (subject to certain exceptions to facilitate authorized necessary activities) to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The executive order exempts certain individuals needed to maintain continuity of operations of critical infrastructure sectors as determined by the federal government. Under the shelter-in-place order, our corporate office has been closed and employees have been primarily tele-working from their homes. Although to date, there has not been a significant decrease in productivity of our employee group, if the shelter- in-place order were to continue for an extended period of time, employee productivity may decline and we may be unable to complete certain tasks and operations that cannot be completed from home. Government-imposed travel restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place, shutdowns and similar government orders have resulted, and may continue to result, in direct operational and administrative disruptions to our facilities. Our operations would be disrupted if any of our employees or employees of our business partners were suspected of having contracted COVID-19, which could require quarantine of some or all such employees or closure of our facilities for disinfection. Any restrictions on the conduct of business operations related to COVID-19 could also impact the operation of our suppliers. Global and domestic supply chains and the timely availability of raw materials and products may be materially disrupted by quarantines, factory slowdowns or shutdowns, border closings and travel restrictions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Any manufacturing supply interruption of materials could adversely affect our ability to conduct ongoing and future research and testing activities. In addition, our clinical trials may be affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. Clinical site initiation and patient enrollment may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the COVID-19 outbreak. Some patients may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Similarly, the ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19, may adversely impact our clinical trial operations. We and our third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, may need to make certain adjustments to the operation of our trials in an effort to ensure the monitoring and safety of patients and minimize risks to trial integrity during the pandemic in accordance with the guidance issued by the FDA on March 18, 2020 and generally, and may need to make further adjustments in the future. Many of these adjustments are new and untested, may not be effective, and may have unforeseen effects on the enrollment, progress and completion of these trials and the findings from these trials. The spread of COVID-19, which has caused a broad impact globally and led to extreme volatility in capital markets, may materially affect us economically. While the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of, COVID-19 may be difficult to assess or predict, a widespread pandemic could result in significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 could materially affect our business and the value of our common stock. Management is actively monitoring the global situation on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry and workforce. Given the daily evolution of the COVID-19 outbreak and the global responses to curb its spread, we are not currently able to estimate the effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity for fiscal year 2020. Our drug candidates may cause undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or commercialization or have other significant adverse implications on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Undesirable side effects observed in clinical trials or in supportive preclinical studies with our drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt their development and could result in the denial of regulatory approval by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities for any or all targeted indications or adversely affect the marketability of any such drug candidates that receive regulatory approval. In turn, this could eliminate or limit our ability to commercialize our drug candidates. Our drug candidates may exhibit adverse effects in preclinical toxicology studies and adverse interactions with other drugs. There are also risks associated with additional requirements the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities may impose for marketing approval with regard to a particular disease. Our drug candidates may require a risk management program that could include patient and healthcare provider education, usage guidelines, appropriate promotional activities, a post-marketing observational study, and ongoing safety and reporting mechanisms, 28 among other requirements. Prescribing could be limited to physician specialists or physicians trained in the use of the drug, or could be limited to a more restricted patient population. Any risk management program required for approval of our drug candidates could potentially have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Undesirable side effects involving our drug candidates may have other significant adverse implications on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example: In addition, if any of our drug candidates receive marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by the product: Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product and could substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing the product, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenues from the sale of the product. Our efforts to discover drug candidates beyond our current drug candidates may not succeed, and any drug candidates we recommend for clinical development may not actually begin clinical trials. We intend to continue to use our technology, including our licensed technology, knowledge and expertise to develop novel drugs to address some of the world’s most widespread and costly chronic diseases. We intend to expand our existing pipeline of core assets by advancing drug compounds from current ongoing discovery programs into clinical development. However, the process of researching and discovering drug compounds is expensive, time-consuming and unpredictable. Data from our current preclinical programs may not support the clinical development of our lead compounds or other compounds from these programs, and we may not identify any additional drug compounds suitable for recommendation for clinical development. Moreover, any drug compounds we recommend for clinical development may not demonstrate, through preclinical studies, indications of safety and potential efficacy that would support advancement into clinical trials. Such findings would potentially impede our ability to maintain or expand our clinical development pipeline. Our ability to identify new drug compounds and advance them into clinical development also depends upon our ability to fund our research and development operations, and we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 29 * Delays in the commencement or comp letion of clinical trials could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to establish strategic collaborations. Delays in the commencement or completion of clinical trials could significantly impact our drug development costs. We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement of clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, delays related to: In addition, once a clinical trial has begun, it may be suspended or terminated by us, our collaborators, the institutional review boards or data safety monitoring boards charged with overseeing our clinical trials, the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities due to a number of factors, including: If we experience delays in the completion or termination of any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to commence product sales and generate product revenues from any of our product candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs and slow down our product candidate development and approval process. Delays in completing our clinical trials could also allow our competitors to obtain marketing approval before we do or shorten the patent protection period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 30 Results of earlier clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy results despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. Many companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to adverse safety profiles or lack of efficacy, notwithstanding promising results in earlier studies. Similarly, our future clinical trial results may not be successful for these or other reasons. This drug candidate development risk is heightened by any changes in the planned clinical trials compared to the completed clinical trials. As product candidates are developed through preclinical to early to late stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is customary that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing and methods of administration, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. While these types of changes are common and are intended to optimize the product candidates for late stage clinical trials, approval and commercialization, such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could make the results of our planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials we may initiate less predictable and could cause our product candidates to perform differently, including causing toxicities, which could delay completion of our clinical trials, delay approval of our product candidates and/or jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. *If we experience delays in the enrollment of patients in our clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Patient enrollment, a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors, including the size and nature of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, competing clinical trials and clinicians’ and patients’ perceptions as to the potential advantages of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact our ability to recruit and enroll patients for our clinical trials, as they may be reluctant or unable to visit clinical sites, or may delay seeking treatment for chronic conditions. If we fail to enroll and maintain the number of patients for which the clinical trial was designed, the statistical power of that clinical trial may be reduced, which would make it harder to demonstrate that the product candidate being tested in such clinical trial is safe and effective. Additionally, enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates, which would cause the value of our company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing. Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for any of our current or future clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. *We intend to rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and perform other tasks for us. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our drug candidates and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be substantially harmed. We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third-party CROs, medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to monitor and manage data for our licensed ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. Nevertheless, we maintain responsibility for ensuring that each of our clinical trials and preclinical studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards and our reliance on these third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs and other vendors are required to comply with current requirements on good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, good clinical practices, or GCP, and good laboratory practice, or GLP, which are a collection of laws and regulations enforced by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities for all of our drug candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these regulations through periodic inspections of preclinical study and clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators, preclinical study and clinical trial sites, and other contractors. If we or any of our CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable regulations, the data generated in our preclinical studies and clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities may require us to perform additional preclinical studies and clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced consistent with cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the development and regulatory approval processes. 31 If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs, medical institutions, clinical investigators or contract laboratories terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for re medies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. In addition, our CROs and their employees may be adversely affected or delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our protocols, regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our drug candidates. CROs may also generate higher costs than anticipated. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and the commercial prospects for our drug candidates could be materially and adversely affected, our costs could increase and our ability to gener ate revenue could be delayed. Switching or adding additional CROs, medical institutions, clinical investigators or contract laboratories involves additional cost and requires management’s time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work replacing a previous CRO. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our CROs may need to make certain adjustments to the operation of our trials in an effort to ensure the monitoring and safety of patients and minimize risks to trial integrity during the pandemic in accordance with the guidance issued by the FDA on March 18, 2020 and generally, and may need to make further adjustments in the future. Many of these adjustments are new and untested, may not be effective, and may have unforeseen effects on the enrollment, progress and completion of these trials and the findings from these trials. Our drug candidates are subject to extensive regulation under the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities, which can be costly and time consuming, cause unanticipated delays or prevent the receipt of the required approvals to commercialize our drug candidates. The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, export, marketing and distribution of our drug candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other U.S. regulatory agencies, EMA or comparable authorities in foreign markets. In the U.S., neither we nor our collaborators are permitted to market our drug candidates until we or our collaborators receive approval of a new drug application, or an NDA, from the FDA or receive similar approvals abroad. The process of obtaining these approvals is expensive, often takes many years, and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidates involved. Approval policies or regulations may change and may be influenced by the results of other similar or competitive products, making it more difficult for us to achieve such approval in a timely manner or at all. For example, the FDA has released draft guidance regarding clinical trials for drug candidates treating diabetes that may result in more stringent requirements for the clinical trials and regulatory approval of such drug candidates. This and any future guidance that may result from recent FDA advisory panel discussions on the topic of diabetes, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH, and other metabolic indications, may make it more expensive to develop and commercialize such drug candidates for such indications. Such increased expense could make it more difficult to obtain favorable terms in the collaborative arrangements we require to maximize the value of our programs seeking to develop new drug candidates for diabetes. In addition, as a company, we have not previously filed NDAs with the FDA or filed similar applications with other foreign regulatory agencies. This lack of experience may impede our ability to obtain FDA or other foreign regulatory agency approval in a timely manner, if at all, for our drug candidates for which development and commercialization is our responsibility. Despite the time and expense invested, regulatory approval is never guaranteed. The FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a drug candidate for many reasons, including: 32 Our inability to obtain these approvals would prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates. Even if our drug candidates receive regulatory approval in the U.S., we may never receive approval or commercialize our products outside of the U.S. In order to market any products outside of the U.S., we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding safety and efficacy. Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process in other countries may include all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the U.S. as well as other risks. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in others. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in other countries or any delay seeking or obtaining such approval would impair our ability to develop foreign markets for our drug candidates. Even if any of our drug candidates receive regulatory approval, our drug candidates may still face future development and regulatory difficulties. If any of our drug candidates receive regulatory approval, the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities may still impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses or marketing of the drug candidates or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies and trials. In addition, regulatory agencies subject a product, its manufacturer and the manufacturer’s facilities to continual review and periodic inspections. If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, our collaborators or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. Our drug candidates will also be subject to ongoing FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities’ requirements for the labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, record-keeping and submission of safety and other post-market information on the drug. If our drug candidates fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may: The FDA, EMA and comparable foreign authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. The FDA, EMA and comparable foreign authorities strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as our drug candidates, if approved. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities as reflected in the product’s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for our drug candidates for our proposed indications, physicians may nevertheless use our products for their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label, if the physicians personally believe in their professional medical judgment that our products could be used in such manner. However, if we are found to have promoted our products for any off-label uses, the federal government could levy civil, criminal or administrative penalties, and seek fines against us. Such enforcement has become more common in the 33 industry. The FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities could also request that we enter into a consent decree or a corporate integrity agreement or seek a permanent injunction against us under which specified promotional conduct is monitored, changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our drug candidates, if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our competitors have drug candidates that are approved faster, marketed more effectively, are better tolerated, have a more favorable safety profile or are demonstrated to be more effective than ours, our commercial opportunity may be reduced or eliminated. The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including commercial biopharmaceutical enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions. Any drug candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical studies, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. Our competitors may succeed in developing technologies and therapies that are more effective, better tolerated or less costly than any which we are developing, or that would render our drug candidates obsolete and noncompetitive. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates, our competitors may succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals for their products earlier than we do. We will also face competition from these third parties in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, in establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, and in acquiring and in-licensing technologies and products complementary to our programs or advantageous to our business. The key competitive factors affecting the success of each of our drug candidates, if approved, are likely to be its efficacy, safety, tolerability, frequency and route of administration, convenience and price, the level of branded and generic competition and the availability of coverage and reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. VK2809 While no therapies are currently approved for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, we are aware of numerous development-stage programs targeting this disease, including obeticholic acid from Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc., elafibranor from Genfit SA, cenicriviroc from Allergan plc (via acquisition of Tobira Therapeutics, Inc.), arachidyl amido cholanoic acid from Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd., belapectin (GR-MD-02) from Galectin Therapeutics Inc., resmetirom (MGL-3196) from Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc., MSDC-0602K from Cirius Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Octeta Therapeutics, LLC), firsocostat (GS-0976) and cilofexor (GS-9674) from Gilead Sciences, Inc., semaglutide from Novo Nordisk A/S, tropifexor from Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, pegbelfermin (BMS-986036) from Bristol-Myers Squibb, NGM282 (aldafermin) and NGM313 (MK-3655) from NGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., lanifibranor from Inventiva S.A., and tirzepatide from Eli Lilly and Company. In addition, we are aware of active programs at 89bio, Inc., Akcea Therapeutics, Akero Therapeutics, Inc., Albireo Pharma, Inc., Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Ascletis Biopharmaceutical, AstraZeneca PLC, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, Can-Fite BioPharma Ltd., CytoDyn Inc., Durect Corporation, Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Enyo Pharma SA, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Forma Therapeutics, Inc., Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Hepion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., HighTide Therapeutics Inc., Immuron Ltd., Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Kowa Company, Ltd., Lipocine, MediciNova Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Metacrine, Inc., Nitto Denko Corporation, NorthSea Therapeutics BV, NuSirt Biopharma, Inc., Pfizer Inc., Poxel SA, Sagimet Biosciences, Yuhan Corporation and Zydus Cadila. VK5211 In the U.S., there are currently no marketed therapies for the maintenance or improvement of lean body mass, bone mineral density or physical function in patients recovering from non-elective hip fracture surgery. However, VK5211, if approved, will face competition from experimental therapies that are in various stages of clinical development for conditions characterized by muscle wasting by companies including GlaxoSmithKline plc and Helsinn Group. In addition, nutritional and growth hormone-based therapies are sometimes used in patients experiencing muscle wasting. VK0214 In the U.S., there are currently no marketed therapies for the treatment of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy, or X-ALD. Hematopoietic stem cell therapy has been used to treat the most severe form of X-ALD, cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy, or CALD. More recently, 34 gene therapy has been shown to be effective in CALD as well. However, both treatments are invasive, requiring surgical intervention, and these do not appear to have an effect on the mos t pervasive form of X-ALD, adrenomyeloneuropathy, or AMN. High-dose biotin is under investigation for the treatment of AMN. There are several experimental therapies that are in various stages of clinical development for X-ALD by companies, including Applie d Genetic Technologies Corporation, bluebird bio, Inc., Magenta Therapeutics, Inc., MedDay Pharmaceuticals SAS, Minoryx Therapeutics S.L., Neuralgene, Orpheris, Inc., Poxel SA, ReceptoPharm, Inc., SOM Biotech S.L. and Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which ma y be competitive with VK0214, if approved. We, or any future collaborators, may not be able to obtain orphan drug designation or orphan drug exclusivity for our product candidates. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States. While we received orphan drug designation from the FDA for VK0214 for the treatment X-ALD in December 2016, we, or any future collaborators, may not be granted orphan drug designations for our product candidates in the U.S. or in other jurisdictions. Even if we, or any future collaborators, obtain orphan drug designation for a product candidate, we, or they, may not be able to obtain orphan drug exclusivity for that product candidate. Generally, a product with orphan drug designation only becomes entitled to orphan drug exclusivity if it receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, in which case the FDA or the EMA will be precluded from approving another marketing application for the same drug for that indication for the applicable exclusivity period. The applicable exclusivity period is seven years in the United States and ten years in Europe. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA or the EMA determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Even if we, or any future collaborators, obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because FDA has taken the position that, under certain circumstances, another drug with the same active moiety can be approved for the same condition. Specifically, the FDA’s regulations provide that it can approve another drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. *We are subject to a multitude of manufacturing risks, any of which could substantially increase our costs and limit supply of our drug candidates. The process of manufacturing our drug candidates is complex, highly regulated and subject to several risks. For example, the process of manufacturing our drug candidates is extremely susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure or improper installation or operation of equipment, or vendor or operator error. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes for any of our drug candidates could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral, or other contaminations are discovered in our drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities in which our drug candidates are made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. In addition, the manufacturing facilities in which our drug candidates are made could be adversely affected by equipment failures, labor shortages, natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics, power failures and numerous other factors. In addition, any adverse developments affecting manufacturing operations for our drug candidates may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, withdrawals or recalls, or other interruptions in the supply of our drug candidates. We also may need to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for drug candidates that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly remediation efforts, or seek costlier manufacturing alternatives. We rely completely on third parties to manufacture our preclinical and clinical drug supplies, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of drug product, or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. We do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture our preclinical and clinical drug supplies for use in our clinical trials, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our drug candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. We rely on our manufacturers to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our drug candidates for our clinical trials. There are a limited number of suppliers for raw materials that we use to manufacture our drugs, and there may be a need to identify alternate suppliers to prevent a possible disruption of the manufacture of the materials necessary to produce our drug candidates for our clinical trials, and, if approved, ultimately for commercial sale. We do 35 not have any control o ver the process or timing of the acquisition of these raw materials by our manufacturers. Although we generally do not begin a clinical trial unless we believe we have a sufficient supply of a drug candidate to complete such clinical trial, any significant delay or discontinuity in the supply of a drug candidate, or the raw material components thereof, for an ongoing clinical trial due to the need to replace a third-party manufacturer could considerably delay completion of our clinical trials, product testi ng and potential regulatory approval of our drug candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We and our contract manufacturers are subject to significant regulation with respect to manufacturing our drug candidates. The manufacturing facilities on which we rely may not continue to meet regulatory requirements. All entities involved in the preparation of therapeutics for clinical trials or commercial sale, including our existing contract manufacturers for our drug candidates, are subject to extensive regulation. Components of a finished therapeutic product approved for commercial sale or used in late-stage clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with cGMP. These regulations govern manufacturing processes and procedures and the implementation and operation of quality systems to control and assure the quality of investigational products and products approved for sale. Poor control of production processes can lead to the introduction of contaminants or to inadvertent changes in the properties or stability of our drug candidates that may not be detectable in final product testing. We or our contract manufacturers must supply all necessary documentation in support of an NDA or marketing authorization application, or MAA, on a timely basis and must adhere to GLP and cGMP regulations enforced by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities through their facilities inspection program. Some of our contract manufacturers may not have produced a commercially approved pharmaceutical product and therefore may not have obtained the requisite regulatory authority approvals to do so. The facilities and quality systems of some or all of our third-party contractors must pass a pre-approval inspection for compliance with the applicable regulations as a condition of regulatory approval of our drug candidates or any of our other potential products. In addition, the regulatory authorities may, at any time, audit or inspect a manufacturing facility involved with the preparation of our drug candidates or any of our other potential products or the associated quality systems for compliance with the regulations applicable to the activities being conducted. Although we oversee the contract manufacturers, we cannot control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with the regulatory requirements. If these facilities do not pass a pre-approval plant inspection, regulatory approval of the products may not be granted or may be substantially delayed until any violations are corrected to the satisfaction of the regulatory authority, if ever. The regulatory authorities also may, at any time following approval of a product for sale, audit the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contractors. If any such inspection or audit identifies a failure to comply with applicable regulations or if a violation of our product specifications or applicable regulations occurs independent of such an inspection or audit, we or the relevant regulatory authority may require remedial measures that may be costly or time consuming for us or a third party to implement, and that may include the temporary or permanent suspension of a clinical trial or commercial sales or the temporary or permanent closure of a facility. Any such remedial measures imposed upon us or third parties with whom we contract could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we or any of our third-party manufacturers fail to maintain regulatory compliance, the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign authorities can impose regulatory sanctions including, among other things, refusal to approve a pending application for a drug candidate, withdrawal of an approval, or suspension of production. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, if supply from one manufacturer is interrupted, an alternative manufacturer would need to be qualified through an NDA supplement or MAA variation, or equivalent foreign regulatory filing, which could result in further delay. The regulatory agencies may also require additional studies or trials if a new manufacturer is relied upon for commercial production. Switching manufacturers may involve substantial costs and is likely to result in a delay in our desired clinical and commercial timelines. These factors could cause us to incur higher costs and could cause the delay or termination of clinical trials, regulatory submissions, required approvals, or commercialization of our drug candidates. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to meet contractual requirements and we are unable to secure one or more replacement suppliers capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost, our clinical trials may be delayed, or we could lose potential revenue. Any collaboration arrangement that we may enter into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our current and potential future drug candidates. We may seek collaboration arrangements with biopharmaceutical companies for the development or commercialization of our current and potential future drug candidates. To the extent that we decide to enter into collaboration agreements, we will face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are complex and time consuming to negotiate, execute and implement. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish and implement collaborations or other alternative arrangements should we choose to enter into such arrangements, and the terms of the arrangements may not be favorable to us. If, and 36 when, we collaborate with a third party for development and commercialization of a drug candidate, we c an expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that drug candidate to the third party. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborators genera lly have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations. Disagreements between parties to a collaboration arrangement can lead to delays in developing or commercializing the applicable drug candidate and can be difficult to resolve in a mutually beneficial manner. In some cases, collaborations with biopharmaceutical companies and other third parties are terminated or allowed to expire by the other party. Any such termination or expiration would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to develop our own commercial organization or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our drug candidates, we may be unable to generate significant revenues. We do not have a sales and marketing organization, and we have no experience as a company in the sales, marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products. If any of our drug candidates are approved for commercialization, we may be required to develop our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, or make arrangements with a third party to perform sales and marketing services. Developing a sales force for any resulting product or any product resulting from any of our other drug candidates is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. We may be unable to establish and manage an effective sales force in a timely or cost-effective manner, if at all, and any sales force we do establish may not be capable of generating sufficient demand for our drug candidates. To the extent that we enter into arrangements with collaborators or other third parties to perform sales and marketing services, our product revenues are likely to be lower than if we marketed and sold our drug candidates independently. If we are unable to establish adequate sales and marketing capabilities, independently or with others, we may not be able to generate significant revenues and may not become profitable. The commercial success of our drug candidates depends upon their market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors and the medical community. Even if our drug candidates obtain regulatory approval, our products, if any, may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors and the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any of our approved drug candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: 37 In addition, the potential market opportunity for our drug candidates is difficult to precisely estimate. Our estimates of the potential market opportunity for our drug candidates include several key assumptions based on our industry knowledge, industry publications, third-party research reports and other surveys. Independent sources have not verified all of our assumptions. If any of these assumptions proves to be inaccurate, then the actual market for our drug candidates could be smaller than our estimates of our potential market opportunity. If the actual market for our drug candidates is smaller than we expect, our product revenue may be limited, it may be harder than expected to raise funds and it may be more difficult for us to achieve or maintain profitability. If we fail to achieve market acceptance of our drug candidates in the U.S. and abroad, our revenue will be limited and it will be more difficult to achieve profitability. If we fail to obtain and sustain an adequate level of reimbursement for our potential products by third-party payors, potential future sales would be materially adversely affected. There will be no viable commercial market for our drug candidates, if approved, without reimbursement from third-party payors. Reimbursement policies may be affected by future healthcare reform measures. We cannot be certain that reimbursement will be available for our current drug candidates or any other drug candidate we may develop. Additionally, even if there is a viable commercial market, if the level of reimbursement is below our expectations, our anticipated revenue and gross margins will be adversely affected. Third-party payors, such as government or private healthcare insurers, carefully review and increasingly question and challenge the coverage of and the prices charged for drugs. Reimbursement rates from private health insurance companies vary depending on the company, the insurance plan and other factors. Reimbursement rates may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. There is a current trend in the U.S. healthcare industry toward cost containment. Large public and private payors, managed care organizations, group purchasing organizations and similar organizations are exerting increasing influence on decisions regarding the use of, and reimbursement levels for, particular treatments. Such third-party payors, including Medicare, may question the coverage of, and challenge the prices charged for, medical products and services, and many third-party payors limit coverage of or reimbursement for newly approved healthcare products. In particular, third-party payors may limit the covered indications. Cost-control initiatives could decrease the price we might establish for products, which could result in product revenues being lower than anticipated. We believe our drugs will be priced significantly higher than existing generic drugs and consistent with current branded drugs. If we are unable to show a significant benefit relative to existing generic drugs, Medicare, Medicaid and private payors may not be willing to provide reimbursement for our drugs, which would significantly reduce the likelihood of our products gaining market acceptance. We expect that private insurers will consider the efficacy, cost-effectiveness, safety and tolerability of our potential products in determining whether to approve reimbursement for such products and at what level. Obtaining these approvals can be a time consuming and expensive process. Our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected if we do not receive approval for reimbursement of our potential products from private insurers on a timely or satisfactory basis. Limitations on coverage could also be imposed at the local Medicare carrier level or by fiscal intermediaries. Medicare Part D, which provides a pharmacy benefit to Medicare patients as discussed below, does not require participating prescription drug plans to cover all drugs within a class of products. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if Part D prescription drug plans were to limit access to, or deny or limit reimbursement of, our drug candidates or other potential products. Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly by country and by region, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. In many countries, the product cannot be commercially launched until reimbursement is approved. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. The negotiation process in some countries can exceed 12 months. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our products to other available therapies. If the prices for our potential products are reduced or if governmental and other third-party payors do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement of our drugs, our future revenue, cash flows and prospects for profitability will suffer. 38 Current and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost of commercializing our drug candidates and may affect the prices we may obtain if our drug candidates are approved for commercialization. In the U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of adopted and proposed legislative and regulatory changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-marketing activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any of our drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the U.S., the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or the MMA, changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. Cost reduction initiatives and other provisions of this legislation could limit the coverage and reimbursement rate that we receive for any of our approved products. While the MMA only applies to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Therefore, any reduction in reimbursement that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively the PPACA, was enacted. The PPACA was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against healthcare fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The PPACA increased manufacturers’ rebate liability under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program by increasing the minimum rebate amount for both branded and generic drugs and revised the definition of “average manufacturer price,” or AMP, which may also increase the amount of Medicaid drug rebates manufacturers are required to pay to states. The legislation also expanded Medicaid drug rebates and created an alternative rebate formula for certain new formulations of certain existing products that is intended to increase the rebates due on those drugs. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, which administers the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, also has proposed to expand Medicaid rebates to the utilization that occurs in the territories of the U.S., such as Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Further, beginning in 2011, the PPACA imposed a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products and required manufacturers to provide a 50% discount off the negotiated price of prescriptions filled by beneficiaries in the Medicare Part D coverage gap, referred to as the “donut hole.” Legislative and regulatory proposals have been introduced at both the state and federal level to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. There have been public announcements by members of the U.S. Congress, President Trump and his administration regarding their plans to repeal and replace the PPACA and Medicare. For example, on December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which, among other things, eliminated the individual mandate requiring most Americans (other than those who qualify for a hardship exemption) to carry a minimum level of health coverage, effective January 1, 2019. On December 14, 2018, a U.S. District Court Judge in the Northern District of Texas, or the Texas District Court Judge, ruled that the individual mandate is a critical and inseverable feature of the PPACA, and therefore, because it was repealed as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, the remaining provisions of the PPACA are invalid as well. On December 18, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld the District Court’s ruling with respect to the individual mandate but remanded the case to the District Court to consider whether other parts of the law can remain in effect. While the Texas District Court Judge, as well as the Trump administration and CMS, have stated that the ruling will have no immediate effect, it is unclear how this decision, subsequent appeals, and other efforts to repeal and replace the PPACA will impact the law and our business. We are not sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA’s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing approval testing and other requirements. Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under government payor programs, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. The Trump administration’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2020 contains drug price control measures, including, for example, measures to permit Medicare Part D plans to negotiate the price of certain drugs under Medicare Part B, to allow some states to negotiate drug prices under Medicaid, and to eliminate cost sharing for generic drugs for low-income patients. For example, the Trump Administration released a “Blueprint” to lower drug prices and reduce out of pocket costs of drugs that contains additional proposals to increase manufacturer competition, increase the negotiating power of certain federal healthcare programs, incentivize manufacturers to lower the list price of their products and reduce the out of pocket costs of drug products paid by consumers. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has started soliciting feedback on some of these measures and, at the same time, is implementing others under its existing authority. For example, in May 2019, CMS issued a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. This final rule 39 codified CMS’s policy change that was effective January 1, 2019. While any proposed measures will require authorization through additional legislation to become effecti ve, Congress and the Trump administration has each indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future , any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our drug candidates, if approved for commercialization. In Europe, the United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union on January 31, 2020. A significant portion of the regulatory framework in the United Kingdom is derived from the regulations of the European Union. We cannot predict what consequences the recent withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union will have on the regulatory frameworks of the United Kingdom or the European Union, or on our future operations, if any, in these jurisdictions. *Changes in government funding for the FDA and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, properly administer drug innovation, or prevent our product candidates from being developed or commercialized, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. In addition, the FDA may currently be devoting more internal resources to monitoring and evaluating matters related to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, there may be delays in necessary interactions with regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government or contractor personnel. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. In December 2016, the 21st Century Cures Act was signed into law. This legislation is designed to advance medical innovation and empower the FDA with the authority to directly hire positions related to drug and device development and review. However, government proposals to reduce or eliminate budgetary deficits may include reduced allocations to the FDA and other related government agencies. These budgetary pressures may result in a reduced ability by the FDA to perform their respective roles; including the related impact to academic institutions and research laboratories whose funding is fully or partially dependent on both the level and timing of funding from government sources. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for our product candidates to be reviewed or approved by necessary government agencies, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to “fraud and abuse” and similar laws and regulations, and a failure to comply with such regulations or prevail in any litigation related to noncompliance could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the U.S., we are subject to various federal and state healthcare “fraud and abuse” laws, including anti-kickback laws, false claims laws and other laws intended, among other things, to reduce fraud and abuse in federal and state healthcare programs. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute makes it illegal for any person, including a prescription drug manufacturer, or a party acting on its behalf, to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive, offer or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce the referral of business, including the purchase, order or prescription of a particular drug, or other good or service for which payment in whole or in part may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Although we seek to structure our business arrangements in compliance with all applicable requirements, these laws are broadly written, and it is often difficult to determine precisely how the law will be applied in specific circumstances. Accordingly, it is possible that our practices may be challenged under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. The federal False Claims Act prohibits anyone from, among other things, knowingly presenting or causing to be presented for payment to the government, including the federal healthcare programs, claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services that were not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, we are prohibited from knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services to obtain money or property of any healthcare benefit program. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring actions on behalf of the government under the federal False Claims Act as well as under the false claims laws of several states. 40 Many states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, some of which apply to the referral of patients for healthcare services reimbursed by any source, not just governmental payors. In addition, some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Progr am Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers or the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America’s Code on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals. Several states also impose other marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to ma ke marketing or price disclosures to the state. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements and if we fail to comply with an applicable state law requirement we could be subject to penalties. Neither the government nor the courts have provided definitive guidance on the application of fraud and abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these laws, and it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. If we are found in violation of one of these laws, we could be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from governmental funded federal or state healthcare programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If this occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. If we face allegations of noncompliance with the law and encounter sanctions, our reputation, revenues and liquidity may suffer, and any of our drug candidates that are ultimately approved for commercialization could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response, and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues from any of our drug candidates that are ultimately approved for commercialization. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. Additionally, if we are unable to generate revenues from product sales, our potential for achieving profitability will be diminished and our need to raise capital to fund our operations will increase. *If we fail to retain current members of our senior management and scientific personnel, or to attract and keep additional key personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop or commercialize our drug candidates. Our success depends on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management and scientific personnel. As of March 31, 2020, we had seventeen full-time employees, two part-time employees and a small number of consultants, which may make us more reliant on our individual employees than companies with a greater number of employees. The loss of any of our key personnel, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could delay or prevent the development of our drug candidates. These personnel are “at-will” employees and may terminate their employment with us at any time; however, our current executive officer has agreed to provide us with at least 60 days’ advance notice of resignation pursuant to his employment agreement with us. The replacement of key personnel likely would involve significant time and costs, and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. We do not maintain “key person” insurance on any of our employees. From time to time, our management seeks the advice and guidance of certain scientific advisors and consultants regarding clinical and regulatory development programs and other customary matters. These scientific advisors and consultants are not our employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit their availability to us. In addition, our scientific advisors may have arrangements with other companies to assist those companies in developing products or technologies that may compete with ours. Competition for qualified personnel is intense, especially in the greater San Diego, California area where we have a substantial presence and need for highly skilled personnel. We may not be successful in attracting qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. Competitors and others have in the past attempted, and are likely in the future to attempt, to recruit our employees. While our employees are required to sign standard agreements concerning confidentiality and ownership of inventions, we generally do not have employment contracts or non-competition agreements with any of our personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, the inability to attract or retain highly qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring such personnel, particularly senior management and other technical personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We will need to increase the size of our organization and may not successfully manage our growth. We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a small number of employees, and our management systems currently in place are not likely to be adequate to support our future growth plans. Our ability to grow and to manage our growth effectively will require us to hire, train, retain, manage and motivate additional employees and to implement and improve our operational, financial 41 and management systems. These demands also may require the hiring of a dditional senior management personnel or the development of additional expertise by our senior management personnel. Hiring a significant number of additional employees, particularly those at the management level, would increase our expenses significantly. Moreover, if we fail to expand and enhance our operational, financial and management systems in conjunction with our potential future growth, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our management’s relative lack of public company experience could put us at greater risk of incurring fines or regulatory actions for failure to comply with federal securities laws and could put us at a competitive disadvantage, and could require our management to devote additional time and resources to ensure compliance with applicable corporate governance requirements. Our management team has limited experience in managing and operating a public company, which could have an adverse effect on their ability to quickly respond to problems or adequately address issues and matters applicable to public companies. Any failure to comply with federal securities laws, rules or regulations could subject us to fines or regulatory actions, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, since our management team has limited public company experience, we may have to dedicate additional time and resources to comply with legally mandated corporate governance policies relative to our competitors whose management teams have more public company experience. We are exposed to product liability, non-clinical and clinical liability risks which could place a substantial financial burden upon us, should lawsuits be filed against us. Our business exposes us to potential product liability and other liability risks that are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical formulations and products. In addition, the use in our clinical trials of pharmaceutical products and the subsequent sale of these products by us or our potential collaborators may cause us to bear a portion of or all product liability risks. A successful liability claim or series of claims brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We currently maintain product liability insurance; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to maintain such insurance, and we may be unable to obtain replacement product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business. Our research and development activities involve the use of hazardous materials, which subject us to regulation, related costs and delays and potential liabilities. Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive compounds, and we will need to develop additional safety procedures for the handling and disposing of hazardous materials. If an accident occurs, we could be held liable for resulting damages, which could be substantial. We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of biohazardous materials. Additional federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting our operations may be adopted in the future. We may incur substantial costs to comply with, and substantial fines or penalties if we violate any of these laws or regulations. We rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of third parties with which we contract are vulnerable to damage from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. System failures, accidents or security breaches could cause interruptions in our operations, and could result in a material disruption of our drug development and clinical activities and business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to remedy. The loss of drug development or clinical trial data could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and our development programs and the development of our drug candidates could be delayed. 42 Our employees and consultants may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncomp liance with regulatory standards and requirements. We are exposed to the risk of employee or consultant fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by our employees or consultants could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, provide accurate information to the FDA, comply with manufacturing standards, comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commissions, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee and consultant misconduct also could involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter such misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and result in the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions against us. Business disruptions such as natural disasters could seriously harm our future revenues and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our corporate headquarters are located in greater San Diego, California, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, one of our third-party manufacturers is located in the southeastern part of the United States, an area subject to hurricanes and related natural disasters. Our suppliers may also experience a disruption in their business as a result of natural disasters. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood or fire, could severely damage or destroy our headquarters or facilities or the facilities of our manufacturers or suppliers, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, terrorist acts or acts of war targeted at the U.S., and specifically the greater San Diego, California region, could cause damage or disruption to us, our employees, facilities, partners and suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may engage in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our management. From time to time, we may consider strategic transactions, such as acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out-licensing or in-licensing of products, drug candidates or technologies. Additional potential transactions that we may consider include a variety of different business arrangements, including spin-offs, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations and investments. Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near- and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, these transactions may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 43 Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, any transactions that we do complete may be subject to the foregoing or other risks, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our employment agreements with our officers and certain other employees may require us to pay severance benefits to any of those persons who are terminated in connection with a change in control of our company, which could harm our financial condition or results. Our officers and certain employees are parties to employment agreements that contain change in control and severance provisions in the event of a termination of employment in connection with a change in control of our company providing for cash payments for severance and other benefits and acceleration of vesting of stock options and shares of restricted stock. The accelerated vesting of options and shares of restricted stock could result in dilution to our existing stockholders and lower the market price of our common stock. The payment of these severance benefits could harm our financial condition and results. In addition, these potential severance payments may discourage or prevent third parties from seeking a business combination with us. Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property *We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our drug candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. We currently have intellectual property rights to develop our drug candidates through a license from Ligand. As of March 31, 2020, we owned or co-owned sixty-eight patent applications and did not own any patents. Because our programs require the use of proprietary rights held by Ligand, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to maintain and exploit these proprietary rights. In addition, we may need to acquire or in-license additional intellectual property in the future. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our drug candidates. We face competition with regard to acquiring and in-licensing third-party intellectual property rights, including from a number of more established companies. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license intellectual property rights to us. We also may be unable to acquire or in-license third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. We may enter into collaboration agreements with U.S. and foreign academic institutions to accelerate development of our current or future preclinical drug candidates. Typically, these agreements include an option for us to negotiate a license to the institution’s intellectual property rights resulting from the collaboration. Even with such an option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to license rights from a collaborating institution, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our desired program. If we are unable to successfully obtain required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain our existing intellectual property rights, we may need to abandon development of the related program and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we in-license intellectual property and other rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business. The Master License Agreement is important to our business and we expect to enter into additional license agreements in the future. The Master License Agreement imposes, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or if we file for bankruptcy, we may be required to make certain payments to the licensor, we may lose the exclusivity of our license, or the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market products covered by the license. 44 Additionally, the milestone and other payments associated with these licenses could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Pursuant to the terms of the Master License Agreement, Ligand may terminate the Master License Agreement under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to: (1) in the event of our insolvency or bankruptcy, (2) if we do not pay an undisputed amount owing under the Master License Agreement when due and fail to cure such default within a specified period of time, or (3) if we default on certain of our material obligations and fail to cure the default within a specified period of time. If the Master License Agreement is terminated in its entirety or with respect to a specific licensed program for any reason, among other consequences, all licenses granted to us under the Master License Agreement (or with respect to the specific licensed program) will terminate and we may be requested to assign and transfer to Ligand certain regulatory documentation and regulatory approvals related to the licensed programs (or those related to the specific licensed program), and we may be required to wind down any ongoing clinical trials with respect to the licensed programs (or those related to the specific licensed program). Additionally, Ligand may require us to assign to Ligand the trademarks owned by us relating to the licensed programs (or those related to the specific licensed program), and we would be obligated to grant to Ligand a license under any patent rights and know-how controlled by us to the extent necessary to make, have made, import, use, offer to sell and sell the licensed programs (or those related to the specific licensed program) anywhere in the world at a royalty rate in the low single digits. In some cases, patent prosecution of our licensed technology may be controlled solely by the licensor. If our licensor fails to obtain and maintain patent or other protection for the proprietary intellectual property we in-license, then we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or our exclusivity with respect to those rights, and our competitors could market competing products using the intellectual property. In certain cases, we may control the prosecution of patents resulting from licensed technology. In the event we breach any of our obligations related to such prosecution, we may incur significant liability to our licensing partners. Licensing of intellectual property is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. Disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including, but not limited to: If disputes over intellectual property and other rights that we have in-licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected drug candidates. If we fail to comply with any such obligations to our licensor, such licensor may terminate their licenses to us, in which case we would not be able to market products covered by these licenses. The loss of our license with Ligand, and potentially other licenses that we enter into in the future, would have a material adverse effect on our business. We may be required to pay milestones and royalties to Ligand in connection with our use of the licensed technology under the Master License Agreement, which could adversely affect the overall profitability for us of any products that we may seek to commercialize. Under the terms of the Master License Agreement, we may be obligated to pay Ligand up to an aggregate of approximately $1.54 billion in development, regulatory and sales milestones. We will also be required to pay Ligand single-digit royalties on future worldwide net product sales. These royalty payments could adversely affect the overall profitability for us of any products that we may seek to commercialize. 45 We may not be able to protect our proprietary or licensed technology in the marketplace. We depend on our ability to protect our proprietary or licensed technology. We rely on trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, and confidentiality, licensing and other agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. Our success depends in large part on our ability, Ligand’s and any future licensor’s or licensee’s ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the U.S. and other countries with respect to our proprietary or licensed technology and products. We currently in-license most of our intellectual property rights to develop our drug candidates and may in-license additional intellectual property rights in the future. Under the terms of the Master License Agreement, Ligand has the first right to file, prosecute and maintain the patents subject to the Master License Agreement in its name. We cannot be certain that patent enforcement activities by our current or future licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents or other intellectual property rights. We also cannot be certain that our current or future licensors will allocate sufficient resources or prioritize their or our enforcement of such patents. Even if we are not a party to these legal actions, an adverse outcome could prevent us from continuing to license intellectual property that we may need to operate our business, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe we will be able to obtain, through prosecution of patent applications covering technology licensed from others, adequate patent protection for our proprietary drug technology, including those related to our in-licensed intellectual property. If we are compelled to spend significant time and money protecting or enforcing our licensed patents and future patents we may own, designing around patents held by others or licensing or acquiring, potentially for large fees, patents or other proprietary rights held by others, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. If we are unable to effectively protect the intellectual property that we own or in-license, other companies may be able to offer the same or similar products for sale, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The patents of others from whom we may license technology, and any future patents we may own, may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing the same or similar products or limit the length of term of patent protection that we may have for our products. *Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection for licensed patents, pending patent applications and potential future patent applications and patents could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or patent applications will be due to be paid to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, and various governmental patent agencies outside of the U.S. in several stages over the lifetime of the applicable patent and/or patent application. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If this occurs with respect to our in-licensed patents or patent applications we may file in the future, our competitors might be able to use our technologies, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The patent positions of pharmaceutical products are often complex and uncertain. The breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical patents in the U.S. and many jurisdictions outside of the U.S. is not consistent. For example, in many jurisdictions, the support standards for pharmaceutical patents are becoming increasingly strict. Some countries prohibit method of treatment claims in patents. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretations of patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may diminish the value of our licensed or owned intellectual property or create uncertainty. In addition, publication of information related to our current drug candidates and potential products may prevent us from obtaining or enforcing patents relating to these drug candidates and potential products, including without limitation composition-of-matter patents, which are generally believed to offer the strongest patent protection. Our intellectual property includes licenses covering issued patents and pending patent applications for composition of matter and method of use. As of March 31, 2020, for each of VK2809 and VK0214, we in-licensed two patents and one patent application in the U.S. and additional patents or patent applications in certain foreign jurisdictions, and owned or co-owned and in-licensed two PCT applications, five U.S. patent applications and additional patent applications in certain foreign jurisdictions. We also in-licensed one additional U.S. patent, one U.S. patent application and patent applications in certain foreign jurisdictions directed to VK0214; and owned one additional PCT patent application directed to VK2809 as of March 31, 2020. For VK5211, as of March 31, 2020, we in-licensed eight patents in the U.S. and several other patents in certain foreign jurisdictions. For VK0612, as of March 31, 2020, we in-licensed one patent in the U.S. and one in India, and own one pending U.S. application and several foreign applications. With respect 46 t o our other current drug candidates, we have a license covering several issued patents and pending patent applications both in the U.S. and in certain foreign jurisdictions. Patents that we currently license and patents that we may own or license in the future do not necessarily ensure the protection of our licensed or owned intellectual property for a number of reasons, including, without limitation, the following: If we encounter delays in our development or clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our potential products under patent protection would be reduced. 47 Our competitors may be able to circumvent our licensed patents or future patents we may own by developing similar or alternative technologies or pr oducts in a non-infringing manner. Our competitors may seek to market generic versions of any approved products by submitting abbreviated new drug applications to the FDA in which our competitors claim that our licensed patents or any future patents we may own are invalid, unenforceable or not infringed. Alternatively, our competitors may seek approval to market their own products similar to or otherwise competitive with our products. In these circumstances, we may need to defend or assert our licensed pate nts or any future patents we may own, including by filing lawsuits alleging patent infringement. In any of these types of proceedings, a court or other agency with jurisdiction may find our licensed patents or any future patents we may own invalid or unenf orceable. We may also fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Even if we own or in-license valid and enforceable patents, these patents still may not provide protection against competing products or processes sufficient to achieve our business objectives. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, ownership, priority, validity or enforceability. In this regard, third parties may challenge our licensed patents or any future patents we may own in the courts or patent offices in the U.S. and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and potential products. In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new drug candidates, patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly after such drug candidates are commercialized. We may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may prevent or delay our drug development efforts and prevent us from commercializing or increase the costs of commercializing our products. Our commercial success depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. For example, there could be issued patents of which we are not aware that our current or potential future drug candidates infringe. There also could be patents that we believe we do not infringe, but that we may ultimately be found to infringe. Moreover, patent applications are in some cases maintained in secrecy until patents are issued. The publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature frequently occurs substantially later than the date on which the underlying discoveries were made and patent applications were filed. Because patents can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications of which we are unaware that may later result in issued patents that our drug candidates or potential products infringe. For example, pending applications may exist that claim or can be amended to claim subject matter that our drug candidates or potential products infringe. Competitors may file continuing patent applications claiming priority to already issued patents in the form of continuation, divisional, or continuation-in-part applications, in order to maintain the pendency of a patent family and attempt to cover our drug candidates. Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization and may sue us for patent or other intellectual property infringement. These lawsuits are costly and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our drug candidates, potential products or methods either do not infringe the claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity is difficult. For example, in the U.S., proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel could be diverted in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, we may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. If a court holds that any third-party patents are valid, enforceable and cover our products or their use, the holders of any of these patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize our products unless we acquire or obtain a license under the applicable patents or until the patents expire. We may not be able to enter into licensing arrangements or make other arrangements at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms. Any inability to secure licenses or alternative technology could result in delays in the introduction of our products or lead to prohibition of the manufacture or sale of products by us. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, in any such proceeding or litigation, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any claims by third parties that we have misappropriated their confidential information or trade secrets could have a similar material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 48 Any claims or lawsuits relating to infringement of intellectual property rights brought by or against us will be costly and time consuming and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to initiate litigation to enforce or defend our licensed and owned intellectual property. For example, we are currently aware of at least two third-party companies that are selling products in the U.S. bearing the name “LGD-4033,” which is the name previously used by Ligand to refer to VK5211, without authority from either us or Ligand, and we may experience other potential intellectual property infringement in the future. Lawsuits to protect our intellectual property rights can be very time consuming and costly. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biopharmaceutical industry generally. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating expenses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. In any infringement litigation, any award of monetary damages we receive may not be commercially valuable. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are resolved. Further, any claims we assert against a perceived infringer could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we have infringed their patents. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. In addition, our licensed patents and patent applications, and patents and patent applications that we may apply for, own or license in the future, could face other challenges, such as interference proceedings, opposition proceedings, re-examination proceedings and other forms of post-grant review. Any of these challenges, if successful, could result in the invalidation of, or in a narrowing of the scope of, any of our licensed patents and patent applications and patents and patent applications that we may apply for, own or license in the future. Any of these challenges, regardless of their success, would likely be time consuming and expensive to defend and resolve and would divert our management and scientific personnel’s time and attention. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involves both technological and legal complexity and is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. For example, on September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America I