8-K 1 d174104d8k.htm 8-K 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date Earliest Event Reported): April 27, 2021 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (408) 841-4500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On April 27, 2021, ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) inadvertently included the slide attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 as part of a presentation made to certain investment professionals. The slide included the Company’s fiscal 2022 guidance set forth in its earnings press release issued on March 11, 2021. The Company did not intend to include the slide in the presentation and did not comment on its guidance. This Current Report on Form 8-K (the “Report”) is being furnished solely to satisfy the Company’s obligations under Regulation FD in light of the inadvertent disclosure. Forward-Looking Statements This Report, including Exhibit 99.1, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions including statements regarding our financial outlook for the first fiscal quarter of 2022 and fiscal 2022. There are a significant number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made in this Report, including Exhibit 99.1, including: developments and changes in the general market, the continuing impact of COVID-19, political, economic, and business conditions; our limited operating history as a public company; our dependence on widespread acceptance and adoption of EVs and increased installation of charging stations; our current dependence on sales of charging stations for most of our revenues; overall demand for EV charging and the potential for reduced demand for EVs if governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives are reduced, modified or eliminated or governmental mandates to increase the use of EVs or decrease the use of vehicles powered by fossil fuels, either directly or indirectly through mandated limits on carbon emissions, are reduced, modified or eliminated; supply chain interruptions; our ability to expand in Europe; the need to attract additional fleet operators as customers; potential adverse effects on our revenue and gross margins if customers increasingly claim clean energy credits and, as a result, they are no longer available to be claimed by us; the effects of competition; risks related to our dependence on our intellectual property and the risk that our technology could have undetected defects or errors. Further information on these and other factors that could affect the forward-looking statements we make in this Report, including Exhibit 99.1, can be found in the documents that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our most recent Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021, which is available on our website at investors.chargepoint.com and on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in other filings that we make with the SEC from time to time. All forward-looking statements in this Report, including Exhibit 99.1, are based on our current beliefs and on information available to us as of the date on which they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by applicable law. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: April 27, 2021