8-K false 0001777393 0001777393 2023-02-03 2023-02-03 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date Earliest Event Reported): February 3, 2023 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (408) 841-4500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ As previously disclosed, on January 31, 2023, ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) filed a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the “Court of Chancery”) pursuant to Section 205 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “Petition”). The Petition seeks an order validating and declaring effective (1) the provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company that set forth the number of authorized shares of the Company and (2) the shares of the Company’s common stock issued in reliance on such provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. On February 3, 2023, the Court of Chancery issued an order scheduling a hearing on the merits of the Petition at 9:15 a.m. Eastern Time on February 20, 2023 in Courtroom 12A of the Leonard L. Williams Justice Center, 500 N. King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The Company’s stockholders may appear at the hearing in person or through counsel or may file a written submission with the Register in Chancery, at the address below, by hand, first class U.S. mail, courier or express service, or via File & ServeXpress, in advance of the hearing. Any written submission also must be served on the following counsel for the Company, at the address below, by any of the above-listed methods of service, in advance of the hearing: The case is captioned In re ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. , C.A. No. 2023-0113-LWW. Forward-Looking Statements This current report on Form 8-K (this “Current Report”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of present or historical fact included in this Current Report, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” “project” or the negative of such terms and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of present or historical matters. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified herein, and on the current expectations of the Company and are not predictions of actual outcomes. Actual events and circumstances are impossible to predict and are beyond the control of the Company. With respect to the matters addressed in this Current Report, no assurances can be made regarding the outcome of the Company’s proceeding pursuant to Section 205 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Section 205 proceeding is subject to inherent uncertainties and is beyond the Company’s control and may not result in timely resolution of the uncertainty regarding the Company’s capitalization, if at all. If the Company is unsuccessful in the Section 205 proceeding, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company cautions you that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties that could affect the Company and its financial results are included under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on December 8, 2022, which is available on the Company’s website at investors.chargepoint.com and on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in other filings that the Company makes with the SEC from time to time. All forward-looking statements in this Current Report are based on information available to the Company as of the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by applicable law. (d) Exhibits: SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: February 6, 2023