10-Q 1 a2020q110qbloomd47.htm 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ________________________________________________________________________ FORM 10-Q ________________________________________________________________________ Commission File Number 001-38598 ________________________________________________________________________ BLOOM ENERGY CORPORATION (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) ________________________________________________________________________ ________________________________________________________________________ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ¨ No þ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer þ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company ¨ Emerging growth company þ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ¨ No þ The number of shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding as of April 30, 2020 was as follows: Class A Common Stock $0.0001 par value 93,996,955 shares Class B Common Stock $0.0001 par value 31,168,927 shares Bloom Energy Corporation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 Table of Contents Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "us," "our," "Bloom Energy," and the "Company" each refer to Bloom Energy Corporation and all of its subsidiaries. Explanatory Note As previously disclosed, we restated the relevant unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2019, June 30, 2019, and March 31, 2019. The quarterly restatements are or will be effective with the filing of our 2020 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. See Note 2, Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements , in Item 1, Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements , for additional information related to the restatement of our condensed consolidated financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2019. 4 Part I ITEM 1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Bloom Energy Corporation Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, unaudited) 1 We have variable interest entities which represent a portion of the consolidated balances recorded within these financial statement line items in the condensed consolidated balance sheets (see Note 13, Power Purchase Agreement Programs ). The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Bloom Energy Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Bloom Energy Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Bloom Energy Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, Stockholders' Deficit and Noncontrolling Interest (in thousands, except share amounts) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 8 Bloom Energy Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) (unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 9 Bloom Energy Corporation Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Nature of Business, Liquidity, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Business We design, manufacture, sell and, in certain cases, install solid-oxide fuel cell systems ("Energy Servers") for on-site power generation. Our Energy Servers utilize an innovative fuel cell technology and provide efficient energy generation with reduced operating costs and lower greenhouse gas emissions as compared to conventional fossil fuel generation. By generating power where it is consumed, our energy producing systems offer increased electrical reliability and improved energy security while providing a path to energy independence. We were originally incorporated in Delaware under the name of Ion America Corporation on January 18, 2001 and on September 16, 2006, we changed our name to Bloom Energy Corporation. Liquidity We have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception. As of December 31, 2019, the current portion of our total debt was $337.6 million , which would have required cash payments of $353.5 million in 2020, the difference in these amounts primarily being due to a debt discount on the 6% Convertible Notes Due 2020, and at that time cash and cash equivalents and other liquidity was insufficient to satisfy the above current debt obligations as well as operating cash flow requirements as of December 31, 2019. On March 31, 2020, we extended the maturity for our current debt to reduce our required debt payments in the next 12 months. After the following debt extensions were completed, the current portion of our total debt was $26.2 million as of March 31, 2020. Notable elements of our debt extension are as follows: Additionally, the impact of COVID-19 on our ability to execute our business strategy and on our financial position and results of operations is uncertain. Our future cash flow requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the timing and extent of spending on research and development efforts and other business initiatives, the rate of growth in the volume of system builds, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, market acceptance of our product, our ability to secure financing for customer use, the timing of installations, the timing of receipt by us of distributions from our PPA Entities and overall economic conditions including the impact of COVID-19 on our ongoing and future operations. However, in the opinion of management, the combination of our existing cash and cash equivalents, the extension of the 10% Convertible Notes and 10% Constellation Note to December 2021, the proceeds from the 10% Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, the proceeds from the 10.25% Senior Secured Note and operating cash flows is expected to be sufficient to meet our operational and capital cash flow requirements and other cash flow needs for the next 12 months from the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 10 For additional information, see Note 7, Outstanding Loans and Security Agreements and Note 17, Subsequent Events . Basis of Presentation We have prepared the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included herein pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and as permitted by those rules, the condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). However, we believe that the disclosures herein are adequate to ensure the information presented is not misleading. The consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 (the latter has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019), and the condensed consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of redeemable noncontrolling interest, stockholders' deficit and noncontrolling interest, and of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, and related notes, should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020. We believe that all necessary adjustments, which consisted only of normal recurring items, have been included in the accompanying financial statements to fairly state the results of the interim periods. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for any subsequent interim period or for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2020 . Principles of Consolidation These condensed consolidated financial statements reflect our accounts and operations and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. We use a qualitative approach in assessing the consolidation requirement for each of our variable interest entities ("VIE"), which we refer to as our power purchase agreement entities ("PPA Entities"). This approach focuses on determining whether we haves the power to direct those activities of the PPA Entities that most significantly affect their economic performance and whether we have the obligation to absorb losses, or the right to receive benefits, that could potentially be significant to the PPA Entities. For all periods presented, we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary in all of our operational PPA Entities, other than with respect to the PPA II and PPA IIIb Entities, as discussed in Note 13, Power Purchase Agreement Programs . We evaluate our relationships with the PPA Entities on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. The most significant estimates include the determination of the stand-alone selling price, including material rights estimates, inventory valuation, specifically excess and obsolescence provisions for obsolete or unsellable inventory and, in relation to property, plant and equipment (specifically Energy Servers), assumptions relating to economic useful lives and impairment assessments. Other accounting estimates include variable consideration relating to product performance guaranties, assumptions to compute the fair value of lease and non-lease components and related financing obligations such as incremental borrowing rates, estimated output, efficiency and residual value of the Energy Servers, warranty, product performance guaranties and extended maintenance, derivative valuations, estimates for recapture of U.S. Treasury grants and similar grants, estimates relating to contractual indemnities provisions, estimates for income taxes and deferred tax asset valuation allowances, and stock-based compensation costs. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, including sales, expenses, our allowance for doubtful accounts, stock-based compensation, the carrying value of our long-lived assets, inventory, financial assets, and valuation allowances for tax assets, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain, including as a result of new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and the actions taken to contain it or treat it, as well as the economic impact on local, regional, national and international customers, suppliers and markets. We have made estimates of the impact of COVID-19 within our financial statements and there may be changes to those estimates in future periods as new information becomes available. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. Concentration of Risk Geographic Risk - The majority of our revenue and long-lived assets are attributable to operations in the United States for all periods presented. Additionally, we sell our Energy Servers in Japan, China, India, and the Republic of Korea (collectively, our "Asia Pacific region"). In the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , total revenue in the Asia Pacific region was 37% and 33% , respectively, of our total revenue. 11 Credit Risk - At March 31, 2020 , one customer, Costco Wholesale Corporation accounted for approximately 8% of accounts receivable. At December 31, 2019, two customers, Costco Wholesale Corporation and The Kraft Group LLC accounted for approximately 19% and 17% of accounts receivable, respectively. At March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , we did not maintain any allowances for doubtful accounts as we deemed all of our receivables fully collectible. To date, we have neither provided an allowance for uncollectible accounts nor experienced any credit loss. Customer Risk - In the quarter ended March 31, 2020 , revenue from two customers, SK Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. (SK E&C) and Duke Energy accounted for approximately 36% and 31% , respectively, of our total revenue. In the quarter ended March 31, 2019 , revenue from three customers, SK E&C, The Southern Company, and Costco accounted for approximately 32% , 27% , and 12% , respectively, of our total revenue. Duke Energy and The Southern Company wholly own a Third-Party PPA which purchases Energy Servers from us, however such purchases and resulting revenue are made on behalf of various customers of these two Third-Party PPAs. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies The significant accounting policies used in preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2020 are consistent with those discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, except as described below. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Other than the adoption of the accounting guidance mentioned below, there have been no other significant changes in our reported financial position or results of operations and cash flows resulting from the adoption of new accounting pronouncements. Accounting Guidance Implemented in 2020 Fair Value Measurement - In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement Disclosure Framework - Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement ("ASU 2018-13"). ASU 2018-13 has eliminated, amended and added disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. Entities will no longer be required to disclose the amount of, and reasons for, transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the policy of timing of transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation processes for Level 3 fair value measurements. Companies will be required to disclose the range and weighted average used to develop significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements. ASU 2018-13 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We adopted ASU 2018-13 as of January 1, 2020 and the adoption did not have a material effect on our financial statements and related disclosures. See Note 5, Fair Value. Stock Compensation - In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2018-07") which aligns the accounting for share-based payment awards issued to employees and nonemployees. Measurement of equity-classified nonemployee awards will now be valued on the grant date and will no longer be remeasured through the performance completion date. ASU 2018-07 also changes the accounting for nonemployee awards with performance conditions to recognize compensation cost when achievement of the performance condition is probable, rather than upon achievement of the performance condition, as well as eliminating the requirement to reassess the equity or liability classification for nonemployee awards upon vesting, except for certain award types. ASU 2018-07 is effective for us for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We adopted ASU 2018-07 using a modified retrospective approach in January 2020 and the adoption of ASU 2018-07 did not have a material effect on our financial statements and related disclosures. Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted Leases - In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , as amended (“ASC 842”), which provides new authoritative guidance on lease accounting. Among its provisions, the standard changes the definition of a lease, requires lessees to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for operating leases and also requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about lease arrangements. All leases in scope will be classified as either operating or financing. Operating and financing leases will require the recognition of an asset and liability to be measured at the present value of the lease payments. ASC 842 also makes a distinction between operating and financing leases for purposes of reporting expenses on the income statement. We are the lessee under various agreements for facilities and equipment that are currently accounted for as operating leases and expect to continue to enter into new such leases. Additionally, we expect to continue to enter into Managed Services related financing leases in the future and are the lessor of Energy Servers that are subject to power purchase arrangements with customers under our PPA and Managed Services programs that are currently accounted for as leases. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on our financial statements. We expect that the most significant impacts will be assessing whether new power purchase arrangements with customers meet the new definition 12 of a lease and recognizing right of use assets and lease liabilities for arrangements currently accounted for as operating leases where we are the lessee. We expect to adopt this guidance on a prospective basis on January 1, 2021. Financial Instruments - In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments- Credit Losses (Topic 326) . The pronouncement was issued to provide more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and changes the loss impairment methodology. This pronouncement will be effective for us commencing January 1, 2021. A prospective transition approach is required for debt securities for which an 'other than temporary' impairment had been recognized before the effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on our financial statements. Income taxes - In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740) ("ASU 2019-12"), wherein the accounting for income taxes is simplified by eliminating certain exceptions and implementing additional requirements which result in a more consistent application of ASC 740 Income Taxes . ASU 2019-12 is effective as for public business entities, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. We are evaluating the effect on our financial statements and related disclosures. We expect to adopt this guidance on a prospective basis on January 1, 2022. Cessation of LIBOR - In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ("ASU 2020-04") which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. The amendments in ASU 2020-04 are effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. An entity may elect to apply the amendments for contract modifications as of any date from the beginning of an interim period that includes or is subsequent to March 12, 2020, or prospectively from a date within an interim period that includes or is subsequent to March 12, 2020, up to the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on our financial statements. We do not expect any other new accounting standards to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows when they become effective. 2. Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements We have restated herein our condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. We have also restated related amounts within the accompanying footnotes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. Restatement Background As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed on March 31, 2020, on February 11, 2020, our management, in consultation with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, determined that Bloom's previously issued consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, as well as financial statements for the three month period ended March 31, 2019, the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2019 and 2018 and the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 should no longer be relied upon due to misstatements related to our Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements and we would restate such financial statements to make the necessary accounting corrections. The revenue for the Managed Services Agreements and similar transactions will now be recognized over the duration of the contract instead of upfront. The restatement also includes corrections for additional identified immaterial misstatements in certain of the impacted periods. The misstatements impacting the three-month period ended March 31, 2019 are described in greater detail below. Description of Misstatements Under our Managed Services program, we sell our equipment to a bank financing party under a sale-leaseback transaction, which pays us for the Energy Server and takes title to the Energy Server. We then enter into a service contract with an end customer, who pays the bank a fixed, monthly fee for its use of the Energy Server and pays us for our maintenance and operation of the Energy Server. The majority of these Managed Services Agreements and similar transactions were originally recorded as sales, subject to an operating lease, in which revenues and associated costs were recognized at the time of installation and acceptance of the Bloom Energy Server at the customer site. In December 2019, in the course of reviewing a Managed Services transaction that closed on November 27, 2019, an issue was identified related to the accounting for our Managed Services transactions. The issue primarily related to whether the terms of our Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, including the events of default provisions, satisfied the requirements for sales under the revenue accounting standards. Subsequently, it was determined that the previous 13 accounting for the Managed Services Agreements and similar transactions was misstated, as the Managed Services Agreements and similar transactions should have been accounted for as financing transactions under lease accounting standards. The impact of the correction of the misstatement is to recognize amounts received from the bank financing party as a financing obligation, and the Energy Server is recorded within property, plant and equipment, net on our consolidated balance sheets. We recognize revenue for the electricity generated by the systems, based on payments received by the bank from the customer, and the corresponding financing obligations to the bank is also amortized as these payments are received by the bank from the customer, with interest thereon being calculated on an effective interest rate basis. Depreciation expense is also recognized over the estimated useful life of the Energy Server. In addition, it was determined that stock-based compensation costs relating to manufacturing employees that were previously expensed as incurred incorrectly, should have been capitalized as a component of Energy Server manufacturing costs to inventory, deferred cost of revenues, construction-in-progress and property, plant and equipment in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 14. These costs will now be expensed on consumption of the related inventory and over the economic useful life of the property, plant and equipment, as applicable. Also, as part of a review of historical revenue agreements as a result of the above errors, it was noted that we failed to identify embedded derivatives in certain revenue agreements for an escalator price protection (“EPP”) feature given to our customers. As a result, we have recorded a derivative liability, with an offset to product revenue, to account for the fair value of this feature at inception and will record the liability at its then fair value at each period end with any changes in fair value recognized in gain (loss) on revaluation of embedded derivatives. In addition to the impact of the restatement described above, in preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2020, errors in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss were discovered. For the three months ended March 31, 2019, the presentation of the Statement and other errors identified in the Statement have been corrected, which resulted in an additional $3.8 million increase to Comprehensive Loss, a change of $7.9 million in Comprehensive (Income) Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and an additional decrease of $4.1 million to Comprehensive Loss Attributable to Class A and Class B Stockholders. The Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and six months ended June 30, 2019 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019 will also be corrected when those periods are next reported. In the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, Comprehensive Loss as previously reported is understated by $5.8 million and overstated by $1.8 million , respectively. In addition, the reconciliation of Comprehensive Loss to Comprehensive Loss Attributable to Class A and Class B Stockholders was erroneously omitted. As it relates to the impact of the errors to the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, management evaluated the impact of the errors to the previously issued financial statements and concluded the impacts were not material. Accordingly, these items will be corrected when those periods are next reported. Finally, there were certain other immaterial misstatements identified or which had been previously identified which are also being corrected in connection with the restatement of previously issued financial statements. Description of Restatement Reconciliation Tables In the following tables, we have presented a reconciliation of our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and Statements of Operations and Cash Flows from our prior periods as previously reported to the restated amounts as of and for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. In addition to the errors to the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss discussed above, that Statement has been restated for the restatement impact to net loss. The Statement of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, Stockholders' Deficit and Noncontrolling Interest for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 has also been restated for the restatement impact to Net Loss. See the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations reconciliation table below for additional information on the restatement impact to Net Loss. 14 Bloom Energy Corporation Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (in thousands, except share and per share data) 1 Accounts receivable — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements, for which the amount recorded to accounts receivable represents amounts invoiced for capacity billings to end customers which have not yet been collected by the financing entity as of the period end. 15 2 Inventories — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for inventory, including net capitalization of stock-based compensation cost of $3.8 million and reclassification of inventories of $0.5 million held for shipments to customers under the Managed Services Program and similar arrangements to construction in progress within property, plant and equipment, net. 3 Deferred cost of revenue, current and non-current — The correction of these misstatements resulted from reclassifying deferred cost of revenue to property, plant and equipment, net for the leased Energy Servers under the Managed Services Agreements and similar sale-leaseback arrangements of $13.9 million (short-term) and $70.6 million (long-term), net capitalization of stock-based compensation costs of $2.1 million into current deferred cost of revenue, and the correction of certain other immaterial misstatements identified to relieve installation deferred cost of revenue of $1.7 million . 4 Prepaid expenses and other current assets — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements whereby prepaid property tax and insurance payments are now classified within prepaid expenses, rather than offset against deferred revenue. 5 Property, plant and equipment, net — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services transactions and similar arrangements, whereby product and install costs of goods sold of $232.6 million are now recorded as property, plant and equipment, net in the cases where the risks of ownership have not completely transferred to the financing party. This includes a net capitalization of stock-based compensation cost for these assets of $3.6 million . 6 Other long-term assets — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, whereby the timing difference of capacity billings to end customers and the payments received from the financing entity is recorded within long term receivables and prepaid property tax and insurance payments are now classified within other long-term assets, rather than offset against long-term deferred revenue. 7 Accrued warranty — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for accrued warranty which is now recorded on an as-incurred basis for our Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, reducing accrued warranty by $0.4 million and the change of accounting for the grid pricing escalation guarantees we provided in some of our sales arrangements, which are now recorded as derivative liabilities, reducing accrued warranty by $0.8 million . 8 Accrued expense and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements, for which historical accrued liabilities recorded at inception of the agreements, as well as subsequent reductions of those liabilities, were reversed. 9 Financing obligations, current and non-current — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, whereby instead of recognizing the upfront proceeds received from the bank as revenue, the proceeds received are classified as financing obligations. 10 Deferred revenue and customer deposits, current and non-current — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for the recognition of product and installation revenue from upfront or ratable recognition to recognition of the capacity payments received from the end customer as power is generated by the Energy Servers as electricity revenue. 11 Derivative liabilities — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for embedded derivatives related to grid pricing escalation guarantees we provided in some of our sales arrangements. These are now recorded as derivative liabilities and were previously treated as an accrued liability. 12 Total stockholders' deficit — Relates to the correction of an unadjusted misstatement in the valuation of our 6% Notes derivative, resulting in a credit to additional paid-in capital and additional expense of $0.8 million recorded within other expense, net, together with the cumulative increase to accumulated deficit from the restatement of $72.8 million . . 16 Bloom Energy Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations (in thousands, except per share data) a Revenue impacted by Managed Services restatements — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change from upfront recognition of product and installation revenue to recognition of the capacity payments received from the end customer as power is generated by the Energy Servers as electricity revenue over the term of our Managed Services Agreements and similar sale-leaseback arrangements, which also impacted our service revenue allocation. b Service cost of revenue impacted by grid pricing escalation guarantees — The correction of these misstatements resulted in a change in the accounting for our grid escalation guarantees that resulted in a decrease in service cost of revenue of $0.1 million . c Cost of revenue impacted by Managed Services restatements — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change from upfront recognition of product and installation cost of revenue to recognition of the depreciation expense on the capitalized Energy Servers over their useful life of 21 years for our Managed Services Agreements and similar sale-leaseback transactions, resulting in a decrease in product cost of revenue of $37.5 million and installation cost of revenue of $9.2 million , offset by an increase in electricity cost of revenue of $3.7 million , together with the correction of certain other immaterial misstatements identified to record installation cost of revenue of $0.8 million . d Cost of revenue impacted by stock-based compensation allocation — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the capitalization of stock-based compensation costs, with a net increase to product cost of revenue of $2.5 million , and an increase in service cost of revenue of $1.4 million due to the expensing of stock-based compensation related to field replacement units. e Sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses — The correction of these misstatements primarily resulted from the change of accounting for sales commission expense on an as earned basis, to accounting for the expense over the term of our Managed Services Agreements and similar sale-leaseback arrangements. f Interest expense — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for sales that should have been accounted for as financing transactions, in which the upfront consideration received from the financing party is accounted for as a financing obligation and interest expense is recognized over the term of the Managed Services Agreement using the effective interest method. 17 g Gain (loss) on revaluation of warrant liabilities and embedded derivatives — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for the grid pricing escalation guarantees we provided in some of our sales arrangements which is now recorded as a derivative liability that needs to be fair valued each period end. The fair value increased in the period, resulting in a loss of $0.5 million . 18 Bloom Energy Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 19 A Depreciation and amortization — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Energy Servers under the Managed Services Program and similar arrangements that were previously expensed as product and install cost of revenue, but are now recorded as property, plant and equipment, net and depreciated over their useful lives of 21 years. B Revaluation of derivative contracts — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for the grid pricing escalation guarantees we provided in some of our sales arrangements. These commitments were previously treated as an accrued liability. We now consider the commitments a derivative liability, with the initial value of recorded as a reduction in product revenue and then any changes in the value adjusted through other expense, net each period thereafter. C Stock-based compensation — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for stock-based compensation, including net capitalization of stock-based compensation cost into inventory of $4.4 million . The correction of this misstatement also resulted in the capitalization of $0.5 million of stock-based compensation costs related to assets under the Managed Services Programs now recorded as construction in progress within property, plant and equipment, net. D Accounts receivable — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements, for which the amount recorded to accounts receivable represents amounts invoiced for capacity billings to end customers which have not yet been collected by the financing entity as of the period end. E Inventories — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for inventories held for shipments planned to customers under the Managed Services Program and similar arrangements now being accounted for as construction in progress within property, plant and equipment, net. F Deferred cost of revenue, current and non-current — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, whereby leased Energy Servers of $37.2 million previously classified as deferred cost of revenue is now recorded as construction in progress within property, plant and equipment, net, and the net capitalization of stock-based compensation expenses of $0.1 million . G Prepaid expenses and other current assets — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, whereby prepaid property tax and insurance payments are now classified within prepaid expenses. H Other long-term assets — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, whereby the timing difference of capacity billings to end customers and the payments received from the financing entity is recorded within long term receivables and prepaid property tax and insurance payments are now classified within other long-term assets, rather than offset against long-term deferred revenue. I Accrued warranty — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for accrued warranty which is now recorded on an as-incurred basis on our Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements. J Accrued expense and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements whereby instead of recognizing the bank financing as revenue, the bank financing loan proceeds received and due are classified as a financing liability. K Deferred revenue and customer deposits, current and non-current — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for the recognition of product and installation revenue from upfront or ratable recognition to the recognition of the capacity payments received from the end customer as power is generated by the Energy Servers as electricity revenue. L Other long-term liabilities — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for the grid pricing escalation guarantees we provided in some of our sales arrangements. These commitments were previously treated as an accrued liability. We now consider the commitments a derivative liability, with the initial value recorded as a reduction in product revenue and then any changes in the value adjusted through gain (loss) on revaluation of embedded derivatives, net each period thereafter. M Purchase of property, plant and equipment — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, whereby costs previously recognized as product and installation cost of revenue are now recorded as property, plant and equipment, net in the cases where the risks of ownership have not completely transferred to the financing party. N Proceeds and repayments from financing obligations — The correction of these misstatements resulted from the change of accounting for Managed Services Agreements and similar arrangements, whereby instead of recognizing the upfront proceeds received from the bank as revenue, the proceeds received and due are classified as proceeds from financing obligations and the capacity payments received from the end customer are classified as repayment of financing obligations and interest paid. 20 3. Revenue Recognition Deferred Revenue and Customer Deposits Deferred revenue and customer deposits as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 consisted of the following (in thousands): Deferred revenue activity during the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following (in thousands): Deferred revenue is equivalent to the total transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, as of March 31, 2020 . The most significant component of deferred revenue at the end of the period consists of performance obligations relating to the provision of maintenance services under current contracts and future renewal periods which provide customers with material rights over a period that we estimate will be largely commensurate with the period of their expected use of the associated Energy Server. As a result, we expect to recognize these amounts as revenue over a period of up to 21 years , predominantly on a cost-to-cost basis that reflects the cost of providing these services. Deferred revenue also includes performance obligations relating to product acceptance and installation. A significant amount of this deferred revenue is reflected as additions and revenue recognized in the same period and we expect to recognize all amounts within a year. Revenue by source We disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers into four revenue categories: (i) product, (ii) installation, (iii) services and (iv) electricity (in thousands): 21 4. Financial Instruments Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value and are as follows (in thousands): Restricted cash consisted of the following (in thousands): 1 We have variable interest entities which represent a portion of the consolidated balances recorded within the "restricted cash," and other financial statement line items in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (see Note 13, Power Purchase Agreement Programs). This amount includes $108.7 million and $20.0 million of non-current restricted cash, held in PPA II and PPA IIIb entities, respectively, and as of December 31, 2019, these entities are no longer considered variable interest entities. Derivative Instruments We have derivative financial instruments related to natural gas fixed price forward contracts, embedded derivatives in sales contracts, and interest rate swaps. See Note 8, Derivative Financial Instruments for a full description of our derivative financial instruments. 22 5. Fair Value Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The tables below set forth, by level, our financial assets that were accounted for at fair value for the respective periods. The table does not include assets and liabilities that are measured at historical cost or any basis other than fair value (in thousands): Money Market Funds - Money market funds are valued using quoted market prices for identical securities and are therefore classified as Level 1 financial assets. Interest Rate Swap Agreements - Interest rate swap agreements are valued using quoted prices for similar contracts and are therefore classified as Level 2 financial assets. Interest rate swaps are designed as hedging instruments and are recognized at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. As of March 31, 2020 , $1.8 million of the gain on the interest rate swaps accumulated in other comprehensive income (loss) is expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next twelve months. Natural Gas Fixed Price Forward Contracts - Natural gas fixed price forward contracts are valued using a combination of factors including the counterparty's credit rating and estimates of future natural gas prices and therefore, as no observable inputs to support market activity are available, are classified as Level 3 financial liabilities. The following table provides the number and fair value of our natural gas fixed price forward contracts (in thousands): 23 For the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we marked-to-market the fair value of our natural gas fixed price forward contracts and recorded an unrealized loss of $0.6 million and an unrealized gain of $0.4 million , respectively, and recorded a realized gain of $1.0 million and a realized gain of $0.5 million , respectively, on the settlement of these contracts in cost of revenue on our condensed consolidated statement of operations. Embedded EPP Derivative Liability in Sales Contracts - We estimated the fair value of the embedded EPP derivatives in certain sales contracts using a Monte Carlo simulation model which considers various potential electricity price curves over the sales contracts' terms. We use historical grid prices and available forecasts of future electricity prices to estimate future electricity prices. We have classified these derivatives as a Level 3 financial liability. For the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we marked-to-market the fair value of our embedded EPP derivatives and recorded an unrealized gain of $0.3 million and an unrealized loss of $0.5 million , respectively, in gain (loss) on revaluation of embedded derivatives on our condensed consolidated statement of operations. There were no transfers between fair value measurement classifications during the periods ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 . The changes in the Level 3 financial liabilities were as follows (in thousands): The following table presents the unobservable inputs related to our Level 3 liabilities: The unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the natural gas commodity types consist of inputs that are less observable due in part to lack of available broker quotes, supported by little, if any, market activity at the measurement date or are based on internally developed models. Certain basis prices (i.e., the difference in pricing between two locations) included in the valuation of natural gas contracts were deemed unobservable. 24 To estimate the liabilities related to the EPP contracts an option pricing method was implemented through a Monte Carlo simulation. The unobservable inputs were simulated based on the available values for Avoided Cost and Cost of Electricity as calculated for March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , using an expected growth rate of 7% over the contracts life and volatility of 20% . The estimated growth rate and volatility were estimated based on the historical tariff changes for the period 2008 to 2020. Avoided Cost is the Transmission and Distribution cost expressed in $/kWh avoided in the given year of the contract, calculated using the billing rates of the effective utility tariff applied during the year to the host account for which usage is offset by the generator. If the billing rates within the utility tariff change during the measurement period, the average of the amount of charge for each rate shall be weighted by the number of effective months for each amount. The inputs listed above would have had a direct impact on the fair values of the above derivatives if they were adjusted. Generally, an increase in natural gas prices and a decrease in electric grid prices would each result in an increase in the estimated fair value of our derivative liabilities. Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis Customer Receivables and Debt Instruments - We estimate fair value for customer financing receivables, senior secured notes, term loans and convertible promissory notes based on rates currently offered for instruments with similar maturities and terms (Level 3). The following table presents the estimated fair values and carrying values of customer receivables and debt instruments (in thousands): Long-Lived Assets - Our long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and Energy Servers capitalized in connection with our Managed Services Program, Purchase Power Agreement Programs and other similar arrangements. The carrying amounts of our long-lived assets are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated. During the quarter ended March 31, 2020 , we upgraded 0.4 megawatts of Energy Servers in PPA IIIb by decommissioning these systems and selling and installing new Energy Servers. As a result of these upgrades, the useful lives of all other remaining Energy Servers included within our long-lived assets were reassessed and we concluded that no change in the useful lives or impairment of these remaining Energy Servers was identified in the period ended March 31, 2020 . See Note 13, Purchase Power Agreement Programs for further information. 25 6. Balance Sheet Components Inventories The components of inventory consisted of the following (in thousands): The inventory reserves were $14.9 million and $14.6 million as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following (in thousands): Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Property, plant and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands): Construction in progress increased $10.2 million from 2019, primarily due to an increase of $8.4 million of Energy Servers under our Managed Services sale-leaseback program pending acceptance, and increased $1.8 million primarily due to Delaware plant expansion. Depreciation expense related to property, plant and equipment was $13.0 million and $13.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. Property, plant and equipment under operating leases by the PPA Entities was $368.0 million and $371.4 million as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively. The accumulated depreciation for these assets was $98.3 million and 26 $95.5 million as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively. Depreciation expense related to our property, plant and equipment under operating leases by the PPA Entities was $6.2 million and $6.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. Customer Financing Receivable The components of investment in sales-type financing leases consisted of the following (in thousands): The future scheduled customer payments from sales-type financing leases were as follows as of March 31, 2020 (in thousands): Other Long-Term Assets Other long-term assets consisted of the following (in thousands): Accrued Warranty Accrued warranty liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 27 Changes in the product warranty and product performance liabilities were as follows (in thousands): Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): Other Long-Term Liabilities Other long-term liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): In March 2012, we entered into an agreement with the Delaware Economic Development Authority to provide a grant of $16.5 million to us as an incentive to establish a new manufacturing facility in Delaware and to provide employment for full time workers at the facility over a certain period of time. We have received $12.0 million of the grant which is contingent upon us meeting certain milestones related to the construction of the manufacturing facility and the employment of full-time workers at the facility through September 30, 2023. We paid $1.5 million in 2017 for recapture provisions, and no additional amounts have been paid. As of March 31, 2020 , we have recorded $10.5 million in other long-term liabilities for potential repayments. See Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies for a full description of the grant. 28 7. Outstanding Loans and Security Agreements The following is a summary of our debt as of March 31, 2020 (in thousands): * Note that $70.0 million of this amount was due on or before September 1, 2020, but as it was repaid on May 1, 2020 with the proceeds from long-term debt, as described below, this amount has also been classified as long-term in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2020. See Note 17, Subsequent Events for additional information. 29 The following is a summary of our debt as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands): Recourse debt refers to debt that Bloom Energy Corporation has an obligation to pay. Non-recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse to only specified assets or our subsidiaries. The differences between the unpaid principal balances and the net carrying values apply to debt discounts and deferred financing costs. We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 . Recourse Debt Facilities LIBOR + 4% Term Loan due November 2020 - In May 2013, we entered into a $5.0 million credit agreement and a $12.0 million financing agreement to help fund the building of a new facility in Newark, Delaware. The $5.0 million credit agreement expired in December 2016. The $12.0 million financing agreement has a term of 90 months , payable monthly at a variable rate equal to one month LIBOR plus the applicable margin. The weighted average interest rate as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was 5.7% and 6.3% , respectively. The loan requires monthly payments and is secured by the manufacturing facility. In addition, the credit agreements also include a cross-default provision which provides that the remaining balance of borrowings under the agreements will be due and payable immediately if a lien is placed on the Newark facility in the event we default on any indebtedness in excess of $100,000 individually or $300,000 in the aggregate. Under the terms of these credit agreements, we are required to comply with various restrictive covenants. As of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , the unpaid principal balance of debt outstanding was $1.1 million and $1.6 million , respectively. 10% Constellation Convertible Promissory Note due 2021 (originally 8% Convertible Promissory Notes) - Between December 2014 and June 2016, we issued $193.2 million of three -year convertible promissory notes (" 8% Notes ") to certain investors. The 8% Notes had a fixed interest rate of 8% compounded monthly, due at maturity or at the election of the investor with accrued interest due in December of each year. On January 18, 2018, amendments were finalized to extend the maturity dates for all the 8% Notes to December 2019. At the same time, the portion of the notes that was held by Constellation NewEnergy, Inc. ("Constellation") was extended to December 2020 and the interest rate decreased from 8% to 5% ("5% Notes"). Investors held the right to convert the unpaid principal and accrued interest of both the 8% Notes and 5% Notes to Series G convertible preferred stock at any time at the price of $38.64 per share . In July 2018, upon our IPO, the $221.6 million of principal and accrued interest of outstanding 5% Notes automatically converted into additional paid-in capital, the conversion of which included all the related-party noteholders. The 5% Notes converted to shares of Series G convertible preferred stock and, concurrently, each such share of Series G convertible preferred stock converted automatically into one share of Class B 30 common stock. Upon our IPO, conversions of 5,734,440 shares of Class B common stock were issued and the 5% Notes were retired. Constellation, the holder of the 5% Notes ("5% Constellation Note"), has not elected to convert as of March 31, 2020 . On March 31, 2020, we entered into an Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Convertible Note Modification Agreement (the “Constellation Note Modification Agreement”) which amended the terms of the 5% Constellation Note to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2021 and increased the interest rate from 5% to 10% ("10% Constellation Note"). Additionally, the debt is convertible at the option of Constellation into common stock at any time through the maturity date. We further amended the 10% Constellation Note by reducing the strike price on the conversion feature from $38.64 per share to $8.00 per share. If we fail to meet certain conditions under the Constellation Note Modification Agreement, including obtaining stockholder approval prior to September 1, 2020, the interest rate will be increased to 18% per year. At any time, we may redeem the 10% Constellation Note, at our option, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 10% Constellation Note outstanding, plus accrued and unpaid interest as of the redemption date, plus a certain percentage, determined based on the time of redemption of the aggregate sum of all discounted remaining scheduled interest payments. The discount rate that shall be applied to all remaining scheduled interest payments shall be determined based on the Treasury Rate in effect as of the redemption date, plus 50 basis points, multiplied by the applicable percentage in effect as of the redemption date. We evaluated the Constellation Note Modification Agreement in accordance with ASC 470-60, Debt - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors , and 470-50, Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments , and concluded that the amendment did not constitute a troubled debt restructuring and, furthermore, the amendment qualified as a substantial modification as a result of the increase in the fair value of the conversion feature due to the reduced strike price. As a result, on March 31, 2020, the 10% Constellation Note, which consisted of $33.1 million in principal and $3.8 million in accrued and unpaid interest, was extinguished and the 10% Constellation Note was recorded at their fair market value which equaled $40.7 million . The difference between the fair market value of the 10% Constellation Note and the carrying value of the 5% Constellation Note of $3.8 million has been recorded, as of March 31, 2020, as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The new carrying amount of the 10% Constellation Note of $40.7 million , which consists of the $36.9 million principal amount of the 10% Constellation Note and a $3.8 million deemed premium paid for the 10% Constellation Note, was classified as non-current as of March 31, 2020. Furthermore, the $3.8 million deemed premium shall be amortized over the term of the 10% Constellation Note using the effective interest method. 10% Convertible Promissory Notes due December 2021 (Originally 5% Convertible Promissory Notes) - Between December 2015 and September 2016, we issued $260.0 million convertible promissory notes due December 2020, (" 5% Convertible Notes ") to certain investors (each a "Noteholder" and collectively, the "Noteholders"). The 5% Convertible Notes bore a 5.0% fixed interest rate, payable monthly either in cash or in kind, at our election. We amended the terms of the 5% Convertible Notes in June 2017 to increase the interest rate from 5% to 6% and to reduce the collateral securing the notes ("6% Convertible Notes"). In November 2019, one Noteholder exchanged a portion of their 6% Convertible Notes at the conversion price of $11.25 per share into 616,302 shares of common stock. The 6% Convertible Notes contained a conversion feature in which the strike price was determined by applying a specified discount to the price of the Company’s stock upon a qualified initial public offering. Until the occurrence of a qualified public offering, the number of shares required to settle this conversion feature could not be determined. Accordingly, this conversion feature was bifurcated from the 6% Convertible Notes and accounted for as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Since the amendments to the 6% Convertible Notes were accounted for as a modification of terms, the derivative liability remained as a separate financial instrument from the 6% Convertible Notes that was separately accounted for with changes in fair value being recognized in earnings. Upon our initial public offering in July 2018, the conversion terms became fixed and met all of the requirements for equity classification. Accordingly, we reclassified the conversion feature from a derivative liability to additional paid in capital. The fair value of the embedded derivative was $178.0 million upon classification. On March 31, 2020, we entered into an Amendment Support Agreement (the “Amendment Support Agreement”) with the Noteholders of our outstanding 6% Convertible Notes pursuant to which such Noteholders agreed to extend the maturity date of the outstanding 6% Convertible Notes to December 1, 2021 and increase the interest rate from 6% to 10% , ("10% Convertible Notes"). Additionally, the debt is convertible at the option of the Noteholders into common stock at any time through the maturity date and we further amended the10% Convertible Notes by reducing the strike price on the conversion feature from $11.25 to $8.00 per share. In conjunction with entering into the Amendment Support Agreement, on March 31, 2020, we also entered into a Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the “10% Convertible Note Purchase Agreement”) and issued an additional $30.0 million aggregate principal amount of 10% Convertible Notes to Foris Ventures, LLC, a new Noteholder, and New Enterprise Associates 10, Limited Partnership, an existing Noteholder. The Amendment Support Agreement required that we repay at least $70.0 million of the 10% Convertible Notes on or before September 1, 2020. In return, collateral would be released to support the collateral required under the 10.25% Senior Secured Notes, and 50% of the proceeds from the consummation of certain transactions, including equity offerings or additional indebtedness, will be applied 31 to redeem the 10% Convertible Notes at a redemption price equal to (i) 100% of the principal amount of the 10% Convertible Notes, plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest, plus (iii) a certain percentage, determined based on the time of redemption of the aggregate sum of all discounted remaining scheduled interest payments.. The discount rate to determine the present value decreases, creating a redemption penalty, if redemption occurs after October 21, 2020. The Amended Convertible Notes and the $30.0 million new 10% Convertible Notes are all reflected in the Amended and Restated Indenture between the Company and US National Bank dated April 20, 2020. We evaluated the Amendment Support Agreement in accordance with ASC 470-60, Debt - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors , and 470-50, Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments , and concluded that the amendment did not constitute a troubled debt restructuring and, furthermore, the amendment qualified as a substantial modification as a result of the increase in the fair value of the conversion feature due to the reduced strike price. As a result, on March 31, 2020, we recorded a $10.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt in the condensed consolidated statement of operations, which was calculated as the difference between the reacquisition price of the 6% Convertible Notes and the carrying value of the 6% Convertible Notes. The total carrying value of the 6% Convertible Notes equaled $279.0 million which consisted of $289.3 million in principal and $1.4 million in accrued and unpaid interest reduced by $10.7 million in unamortized discount and $1.0 million in unamortized debt issuance costs. The total reacquisition price of the 6% Convertible Notes equaled $289.3 million which consisted of the $340.7 million fair value of the 10% Convertible Notes, $1.4 million in accrued and unpaid interest, and $1.2 million of fees paid to Noteholders as part of the amendment, reduced by $24.0 million , the fair value at March 31, 2020 of the embedded derivative relating to the equity classified conversion feature that is reclassified from additional paid in capital, $20.0 million cash received from the additional 10% Convertible Notes that were issued to New Enterprise Associates 10, Limited Partnership, and the $10.0 million issuance to Foris Ventures, LLC. The new net carrying amount of the 10% Convertible Notes of $338.9 million , which consists of the $319.3 million principal of the 10% Convertible Notes, a $21.4 million premium paid for the 10% Convertible Notes less $1.8 million debt issuance costs was classified as non-current as of March 31, 2020. Furthermore, the $21.4 million deemed premium shall be amortized over the term of the 10% Convertible Notes using the effective interest method. 10% Notes due July 2024 - In June 2017, we issued $100.0 million of senior secured notes (" 10% Notes "). The 10% Notes mature in 2024 and bear a 10.0% fixed rate of interest and with principal amortization started July 2019, payable semi-annually. The 10% Notes have a continuing security interest in the cash flows payable to us as servicing, operations and maintenance fees and administrative fees from certain active power purchase agreements in our Bloom Electrons program. Under the terms of the indenture governing the notes, we are required to comply with various restrictive covenants including, among other things, to maintain certain financial ratios such as debt service coverage ratios, to incur additional debt, issue guarantees, incur liens, make loans or investments, make asset dispositions, issue or sell share capital of our subsidiaries and pay dividends, meet reporting requirements, including the preparation and delivery of audited consolidated financial statements, or maintain certain restrictions on investments and requirements in incurring new debt. In addition, we are required to maintain collateral which secures the 10% Notes based on debt ratio analyses. This minimum collateral test is not a negative covenant and does not result in a default if not met. However, the minimum debt service coverage ratio test does restrict our access to the excess cash escrowed in a collection account which would otherwise be released to us on a bi-annual basis after principal amortization and interest payment. The outstanding unpaid principal and accrued interest debt balance of the 10% Notes of $14.0 million and $14.0 million were classified as current as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively and the outstanding unpaid principal and accrued interest debt balances of the 10% Notes of $69.2 million and $76.0 million were classified as non-current as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 respectively. Non-recourse Debt Facilities 5.22% Senior Secured Term Notes - In March 2013, PPA Company II refinanced its existing debt by issuing 5.22% Senior Secured Notes due March 30, 2025. The total amount of the loan proceeds was $144.8 million , including $28.8 million to repay outstanding principal of existing debt, $21.7 million for debt service reserves and transaction costs and $94.3 million to fund the remaining system purchases. In June 2019, as part of the PPA II upgrade of Energy Servers, we paid off the outstanding debt and interest of these notes for the outstanding amount of $77.6 million . The Note Purchase Agreement debt service reserve balance of $11.2 million was written off in June 2019. 7.5% Term Loan due September 2028 - In December 2012 and later amended in August 2013, PPA IIIa entered into a $46.8 million credit agreement to help fund the purchase and installation of our Energy Servers. The loan bears a fixed interest rate of 7.5% payable quarterly. The loan requires quarterly principal payments which began in March 2014. The credit agreement requires us to maintain a debt service reserve for all funded systems, the balance of which was $3.8 million and $3.8 million as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively, and which was included as part of long-term restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets. The loan is secured by all assets of PPA IIIa. LIBOR + 5.25% Term Loan due October 2020 - In September 2013, PPA IIIb entered into a credit agreement to help fund the purchase and installation of our Energy Servers. In accordance with that agreement, PPA IIIb issued floating rate debt 32 based on LIBOR plus a margin of 5.2% , paid quarterly. The aggregate amount of the debt facility was $32.5 million . In December 2019, as part of the PPA IIIa upgrade of Energy Servers, we paid off the outstanding debt and interest of these notes for the outstanding amount of $24.2 million . The credit agreement required us to maintain a debt service reserve for all funded systems, the balance of which was $1.8 million which was written off in December 2019. 6.07% Senior Secured Notes due March 2025 - In July 2014, PPA IV issued senior secured notes amounting to $99.0 million to third parties to help fund the purchase and installation of our Energy Servers. The notes bear a fixed interest rate of 6.07% payable quarterly which began in December 2015 and ends in March 2030. The notes are secured by all the assets of the PPA IV. The Note Purchase Agreement requires us to maintain a debt service reserve, the balance of which was $8.1 million as of March 31, 2020 and $8.0 million as of December 31, 2019 , and which was included as part of long-term restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets. LIBOR + 2.5% Term Loan due December 2021 - In June 2015, PPA V entered into a $131.2 million credit agreement to fund the purchase and installation of our Energy Servers. The lenders are a group of five financial institutions and the terms included commitments to a letter of credit ("LC") facility (see below). The loan was initially advanced as a construction loan during the development of the PPA V Project and converted into a term loan on February 28, 2017 (the “Term Conversion Date”). As part of the term loan’s conversion, the LC facility commitments were adjusted. In accordance with the credit agreement, PPA V was issued a floating rate debt based on LIBOR plus a margin, paid quarterly. The applicable margins used for calculating interest expense are 2.25% for years 1-3 following the Term Conversion Date and 2.5% thereafter. For the Lenders’ commitments to the loan and the commitments to the LC loan, the PPA V also pays commitment fees at 0.50% per annum over the outstanding commitments, paid quarterly. The loan is secured by all the assets of the PPA V and requires quarterly principal payments which began in March 2017. In connection with the floating-rate credit agreement, in July 2015 the PPA V entered into pay-fixed, receive-float interest rate swap agreements to convert its floating-rate loan into a fixed-rate loan. Letters of Credit due December 2021 - In June 2015, PPA V entered into a $131.2 million term loan due December 2021. The agreement also included commitments to a LC facility with the aggregate principal amount of $6.4 million , later adjusted down to $6.2 million . The amount reserved under the letter of credit as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was $5.0 million . The unused capacity as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was $1.2 million . Related Party Debt Portions of the above described recourse and non-recourse debt are held by various related parties. See Note 16, Related Party Transactions for a full description. Repayment Schedule and Interest Expense The following table presents detail of our outstanding loan principal repayment schedule as of March 31, 2020 (in thousands): *Note that $70.0 million of this amount was due on or before September 1, 2020, but as it was repaid on May 1, 2020 with the proceeds from long-term debt, as described below, this amount has also been classified as long-term in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2020. See Note 17, Subsequent Events for additional information. Interest expense of $22.1 million and $23.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , respectively, was recorded in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 33 8. Derivative Financial Instruments Interest Rate Swaps We use various financial instruments to minimize the impact of variable market conditions on our results of operations. We use interest rate swaps to minimize the impact of fluctuations of interest rate changes on our outstanding debt where LIBOR is applied. We do not enter into derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes. The fair values of the derivatives designated as cash flow hedges as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 on our consolidated balance sheets were as follows (in thousands): PPA Company V - In July 2015, PPA Company V entered into nine interest rate swap agreements to convert a variable interest rate debt to a fixed rate and we designated and documented the interest rate swap arrangements as cash flow hedges. Three of these swaps matured in 2016, three will mature on December 21, 2021 and the remaining three will mature on September 30, 2031. We evaluate and calculate the effectiveness of the hedge at each reporting date. The effective change was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and was recognized as interest expense on settlement. The notional amounts of the swaps were $183.7 million and $184.2 million as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively. We measure the swaps at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is determined by discounting future cash flows using LIBOR rates with appropriate adjustment for credit risk. We recorded a gain of $36,000 and a loss of $24,000 attributable to the change in valuation during both of the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , respectively, and were included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. The changes in fair value of the derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges and the amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss and in earnings were as follows (in thousands): Natural Gas Derivatives On September 1, 2011, we entered into a natural gas fixed price forward contract with a gas supplier. This fuel forward contract is used as part of our program to manage the risk for controlling the overall cost of natural gas. PPA I is the only PPA Company for which natural gas was provided by us. This fuel forward contract meets the definition of a derivative under U.S. GAAP. We have not elected to designate this contract as a hedge and, accordingly, any changes in its fair value is recorded within cost of revenue in the statements of operations. The fair value of the contract is determined using a combination of factors including the counterparty’s credit rate and estimates of future natural gas prices. For the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we marked-to-market the fair value of our natural gas fixed price forward contract and recorded an unrealized loss of $0.6 million and an unrealized gain of $0.4 million , respectively. For the 34 three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we recorded a realized gain of $1.0 million and realized gain of $0.5 million , respectively, on the settlement of these contracts. Gains and losses are recorded in cost of revenue on the consolidated statement of operations. Embedded EPP Derivatives in Sales Contracts Embedded EPP Derivatives in Sales Contracts - We estimated the fair value of the embedded Escalation Protection Plan ("EPP") derivatives in certain sales contracts using a Monte Carlo simulation model which considers various potential electricity price forward curves over the sales contracts' terms. We use historical grid prices and available forecasts of future electricity prices to estimate future electricity prices. The grid pricing EPP guarantees that we provided in some of our sales arrangements represent an embedded derivative, with the initial value accounted for as a reduction in product revenue and any changes, reevaluated quarterly, in the fair market value of the derivative recorded in gain (loss) on revaluation of embedded derivatives. We recorded an unrealized gain of $0.3 million and an unrealized loss of $0.5 million attributable to the change in fair value for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. These gains and losses were included within loss on revaluation of embedded derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of these derivatives was $5.9 million and $6.2 million as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively. 9. Common Stock Warrants Common Stock Warrants During 2018, all of the preferred and common stock warrants we issued in connection with loan agreements and a dispute settlement converted to warrants to purchase shares of Class B common stock. As of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , we had Class B common stock warrants outstanding to purchase 481,181 and 12,940 shares of Class B common stock at exercise prices of $27.78 and $38.64 , respectively. 10. Income Taxes For the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $0.1 million on a pre-tax loss of $81.5 million for an effective tax rate of (0.2)% , and a provision for income taxes of $0.2 million on a pre-tax loss of $108.5 million for an effective tax rate of (0.2)% , respectively. The effective tax impact for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 is lower than the statutory federal tax rate primarily due to a full valuation allowance against U.S. deferred tax assets. 11. Net Loss per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders Net loss per share (basic) attributable to common stockholders is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding for the period. Net loss per share (diluted) is computed by using the "if-converted" method when calculating the potential dilutive effect, if any, of convertible shares whereby net loss attributable to common stockholders is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities such as awards under equity compensation plans and inducement awards under separate restricted stock unit, or RSUs, award agreements. Net loss per share (diluted) attributable to common stockholders is then calculated by dividing the resulting adjusted net loss attributable to common stockholders by the combined weighted-average number of fully diluted common shares outstanding. In July 2018 , we completed an initial public offering of our common shares wherein 20,700,000 shares of Class A common stock were sold into the market. Added to existing shares of Class B common stock were shares mandatorily converted from various financial instruments as a result of the IPO. See Note 9, Common Stock Warrants. There were no adjustments to net loss attributable to common stockholders in determining net loss attributable to common stockholders (diluted). Equally, there were no adjustments to the weighted average number of outstanding shares of common stock (basic) in arriving at the weighted average number of outstanding shares (diluted), as such adjustments would have been antidilutive. 35 Net loss per share is the same for each class of common stock as they are entitled to the same liquidation and dividend rights with the exception of voting rights. As a result, net loss per share (basic) and net loss per share (diluted) attributed to common stockholders are the same for both Class A and Class B common stock and are combined for presentation. The following table sets forth the computation of our net loss per share (basic) and net loss per share (diluted) attributable to common stockholders (in thousands, except per share amounts): The following common stock equivalents (in thousands) were excluded from the computation of our net loss per share attributable to common stockholders (diluted) for the periods presented as their inclusion would have been antidilutive: 12. Stock-Based Compensation and Employee Benefit Plans Share-based grants are designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions to us and provide incentives for them to remain with Bloom. 2002 Stock Plan As of March 31, 2020 , options to purchase 1,767,487 shares of Class B common stock were outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $24.13 per share. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan As of March 31, 2020 , options to purchase 9,805,266 shares of Class B common stock were outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $27.14 per share and no shares were available for future grant. As of March 31, 2020 , we had outstanding RSUs that may be settled for 4,093,230 shares of Class B common stock under the plan. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan As of March 31, 2020 , options to purchase 5,933,885 shares of Class A common stock were outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $9.31 per share and 2,919,204 shares of outstanding RSUs that may be settled for Class A common stock which were granted pursuant to the plan. As of March 31, 2020 , we had 23,519,848 shares of Class A common stock available for future grant. No stock options were granted during the three months ended March 31, 2020. 36 Stock-Based Compensation Expense We used the following weighted-average assumptions in applying the Black-Scholes valuation model for determination of options: The following table summarizes the components of stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): Stock-based Compensation - During the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we recognized $23.0 million and $67.8 million of total stock-based compensation costs, respectively. During the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we recognized $0.2 million and $3.9 million , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense previously capitalized in inventory and property, plant and equipment. Stock Option and RSU Activity The following table summarizes the stock option activity under our stock plans during the reporting period (in thousands), except per share amounts: Stock Options - During the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we recognized $5.6 million and $9.2 million of stock-based compensation costs for stock options, respectively. 37 We did not grant options for Class A common stock during the quarter ended March 31, 2020 , and we granted 743,705 options for Class A and Class B common stock during the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and the weighted-average grant-date fair value of those awards was $11.38 per share. As of March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we had unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options of $36.3 million and $65.8 million , respectively. This cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 2.4 years and 2.7 years , respectively. We had no excess tax benefits in the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 . Cash received from stock options exercised totaled $0.7 million and $0.6 million ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. A summary of our RSUs activity and related information is as follows: Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) - The estimated fair value of RSU awards is based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. During the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 , we recognized $13.2 million and $51.0 million of stock-based compensation costs for RSUs, respectively. As of March 31, 2020 , we had $37.6 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.3 years . As of March 31, 2019 , we had $145.5 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. This expense was expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.3 years . The following table presents the stock activity and the total number of RSUs available for grant under our stock plans as of March 31, 2020 : 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan During the quarter ended March 31, 2020 , we added an additional 1,494,819 shares for use under the 2018 ESPP. During the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we recognized $2.9 million and $2.8 million of stock-based compensation costs for the ESPP, respectively. We issued 992,846 shares in the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and there were 3,532,380 shares available for issuance under the ESPP as of March 31, 2020. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of shares purchased under the 2018 ESPP with the following weighted average assumptions on the date of grant: 38 2019 Executive Awards In November 2019, the Board of Directors approved stock option awards ("2019 Executive Awards") to certain executive staff. The 2019 Executive Awards consist of three vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based on the attainment of market conditions and assuming continued employment and service through each vesting date. Stock-based compensation costs associated with the 2019 Executive Awards is recognized over the service period, even though no tranches of the 2019 Performance Awards vest unless a market condition is achieved. The grant date fair value of the options is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation. 13. Power Purchase Agreement Programs Overview In mid-2010, we began offering our Energy Servers through our Bloom Electrons program, which we denote as Power Purchase Agreement Programs, financed via investment entities. Under these arrangements, an operating entity is created (the "Operating Company") which purchases our Energy Servers from us. The end customer then enters into a power purchase agreement ("PPA") with the Operating Company to purchase the power generated by our Energy Servers at a specified rate per kilowatt hour for a specified term which can range from 10 to 21 years. In some cases, similar to direct purchases and leases, the standard one-year warranty and performance guaranties are included in the price of the product. The Operating Company also enters into a master services agreement with us following the first year of service to extend the warranty services and guaranties over the term of the PPA. In other cases, the master services agreements including warranties and guaranties are billed on a quarterly basis starting in the first quarter following the placed-in-service date of the Energy Server(s) and continuing over the term of the PPA. The first of such arrangements was considered a sales-type lease and the product revenue from that agreement was recognized upfront in the same manner as direct purchase and lease transactions. Substantially all of our subsequent PPAs have been accounted for as operating leases with the related revenue under those agreements recognized ratably over the PPA term as electricity revenue. We recognize the cost of revenue, primarily Energy Server depreciation and maintenance service costs, over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the Energy Server or the term of the PPA. We and our third-party equity investors (together "Equity Investors") contribute funds into a limited liability investment entity ("Investment Company") that owns and is parent to the Operating Company (together, the "PPA Entities"). These PPA Entities constitute variable investment entities ("VIEs") under U.S. GAAP. We have considered the provisions within the contractual agreements which grant us power to manage and make decisions affecting the operations of these VIEs. We consider that the rights granted to the Equity Investors under the contractual agreements are more protective in nature rather than participating. Therefore, we have determined under the power and benefits criterion of ASC 810 - Consolidations that we are the primary beneficiary of these VIEs. As the primary beneficiary of these VIEs, we consolidate in our financial statements the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the PPA Entities, and all intercompany balances and transactions between us and the PPA Entities are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. On June 14, 2019, we entered into a PPA II upgrade of Energy Servers transaction, and as a result we determined that we no longer retained a controlling interest in the Operating Company in PPA II and therefore, the Operating Company was no longer consolidated as a VIE into our consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2019. See further discussion below. On November 27, 2019, we entered into a PPA IIIb upgrade of Energy Servers transaction where we bought out the equity interest of the third-party investor, decommissioned the Energy Servers in the Operating Company and sold new Energy Servers deployed at customer sites through our Managed Services financing option. The PPA IIIb Investment Company and Operating Company became wholly-owned by us but no longer met the definition of a VIE. However, we continue consolidating PPA IIIb in our consolidated financial statements. See further discussion below. In accordance with our Power Purchase Agreement Programs, the Operating Company acquires Energy Servers from us for cash payments that are made on a similar schedule as if the Operating Company were a customer purchasing an Energy Server from us outright. In the consolidated financial statements, the sale of Energy Servers by us to the Operating Company 39 are treated as intercompany transactions and as a result eliminated in consolidation. The acquisition of Energy Servers by the Operating Company is accounted for as a non-cash reclassification from inventory to Energy Servers within property, plant and equipment, net on our consolidated balance sheets. In arrangements qualifying for sales-type leases, we reduce these recorded assets by amounts received from U.S. Treasury Department cash grants and from similar state incentive rebates. The Operating Company sells the electricity to end customers under PPAs. Cash generated by the electricity sales, as well as receipts from any applicable government incentive program, are used to pay operating expenses (including the management and maintenance services we provide to maintain the Energy Servers over the term of the PPA) and to service the non-recourse debt with the remaining cash flows distributed to the Equity Investors. In transactions accounted for as sales-type leases, we recognize subsequent customer billings as electricity revenue over the term of the PPA and amortize any applicable government incentive program grants as a reduction to depreciation expense of the Energy Server over the term of the PPA. In transactions accounted for as operating leases, we recognize subsequent customer payments as electricity revenue and service revenue over the term of the PPA. Upon sale or liquidation of a PPA Entity, distributions would occur in the order of priority specified in the contractual agreements. We have established six different PPA Entities to date. The contributed funds are restricted for use by the Operating Company to the purchase of our Energy Servers manufactured by us in our normal course of operations. All six PPA Entities utilized their entire available financing capacity and have completed the purchase of their Energy Servers. Any debt incurred by the Operating Companies is non-recourse to us. Under these structures, each Investment Company is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Equity Investors receive investment tax credits and accelerated tax depreciation benefits. In 2016, we purchased the tax equity investor’s interest in PPA I, which resulted in a change in our ownership interest in PPA I while we continued to hold the controlling financial interest in this company. In 2019, we bought out the tax equity investors' interest in DSGH, the PPA II Investment Company, and admitted two new equity investors as a member of the PPA II Operating Company, retaining only a minor contingent future equity interest in the Operating Company. One of the new equity investors became the managing member which resulted in a change in our ownership interest in the Operating Company and discontinued our controlling financial interest in the PPA II Operating Company. In December 2019, we purchased the tax equity investors' interest in PPA IIIb, which resulted in a change in the ownership structure from a variable interest entity to a wholly owned subsidiary indirectly owned by us. PPA II Upgrade of Energy Servers Original Transaction A wholly-owned subsidiary of Bloom and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Credit Suisse Group AG (“Mehetia”) jointly owned Diamond State Generation Holdings, LLC (“Class A Holdco”). Class A Holdco owned 100% of the membership interests in Diamond State Generation Partners, LLC ("DSGP"). Pursuant to an earlier transaction, DSGP owned and operated 30 megawatts of Energy Servers across two sites in Delaware that achieved operations in 2012 and 2013 and provided alternative energy generation for state tariff rate payers (the “Original Project”). The Original Project had been financed in part by the issuance of non-recourse promissory notes to DSGP (the “Project Debt”). Overall Upgrade We upgraded the existing 30 megawatts of Energy Servers used in the Original Project by replacing them with 27.5 megawatts of new Energy Servers. To effect the full upgrade we repurchased all of existing Energy Servers, the proceeds of which were used by DSGP to pay down the Project Debt and to enable Class A Holdco to buy out Mehetia’s interests. To finance the new Energy Servers used in the upgrade, DSGP raised capital from two new members: SP Diamond State Class B Holdings, LLC (“Class B Holdco”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Southern Power Company (“Southern”) and Assured Guaranty Municipal Corporation (“Class C Holdco”). The existing Energy Servers were removed after we repurchased them from DSGP, prior to selling and installing the new Energy Servers. The upgrade was done across two phases and was completed during December 2019. Commercial Documents We also entered into an operations and maintenance agreement for the ongoing care of all of the new Energy Servers (the “O&M Agreement”). The operations and maintenance fees under the O&M Agreement are paid on a fixed dollar per kilowatt basis. The terms and conditions of the EPC Agreement and the O&M Agreement, including the suite of guaranties and warranties provided with respect to the performance of the Energy Servers are customary for our transactions of this type. The 40 performance related guaranty and warranty were provided for each investor’s Energy Servers, while the efficiency guaranties and warranties were measured across the entire 27.5 megawatts of Energy Servers. PPA IIIb Upgrade of Energy Servers Transaction Overview As part of the PPA IIIb project established in 2013, Bloom, through a special purpose subsidiary (the “Project Company”), had previously entered into certain agreements for the purpose of developing, financing, owning, operating, maintaining and managing a portfolio of 5.4 megawatts of Energy Servers. On November 27, 2019, we entered into certain agreements through a wholly-owned subsidiary to (i) buy out the existing debt and equity investors in Project Company such that Project Company became indirectly wholly-owned by us, and (ii) upgrade 5.4 megawatts of the existing Energy Servers owned and managed by Project Company by selling and installing new Energy Servers. As of December 31, 2019 , 5 megawatts of the PPA IIIb project had been decommissioned and written-off by us, with the remaining 0.4 megawatts decommissioned during the three months ended March 31, 2020. PPA Entities' Activities Summary The table below shows the details of the three Investment Companies' VIEs that were active during the first quarter of 2020 and their cumulative activities from inception to the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): Some of our PPA Entities contain structured provisions whereby the allocation of income and equity to the Equity Investors changes at some point in time after the formation of the PPA Entity. The change in allocations to Equity Investors (or the "flip") occurs based either on a specified future date or once the Equity Investors reaches its targeted rate of return. For PPA Entities with a specified future date for the flip, the flip occurs January 1 of the calendar year immediately following the year that includes the fifth anniversary of the date the last site achieves commercial operation. 41 The noncontrolling interests in PPA IIIa are redeemable as a result of the put option held by the Equity Investors as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 . At March 31, 2020 , and December 31, 2019 , the carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interests of $0.1 million and $0.4 million , respectively, exceeded the maximum redemption value. PPA Entities’ Aggregate Assets and Liabilities Generally, Operating Company assets can be used to settle only the Operating Company obligations and Operating Company creditors do not have recourse to us. The aggregate carrying values of our VIEs, including PPA IIIa, PPA IV and PPA V , for their assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets, after eliminations of intercompany transactions and balances, were as follows (in thousands): As stated above, we are a minority shareholder in the PPA Entities for the administration of our Bloom Electrons program. PPA Entities contain debt that is non-recourse to us. The PPA Entities also own Energy Server assets for which we do not have title. Although we will continue to have Power Purchase Agreement Program entities in the future and offer customers the ability to purchase electricity without the purchase of our Energy Servers, we do not intend to be a minority investor in any new Power Purchase Agreement Program entities. 42 We believe that by presenting assets and liabilities separate from the PPA Entities, we provide a better view of the true operations of our core business. The table below provides detail into the assets and liabilities of Bloom Energy separate from the PPA Entities. The following table shows Bloom Energy's stand-alone, the PPA Entities combined and these consolidated balances as of March 31, 2020 , and December 31, 2019 (in thousands): 14. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments Facilities Leases We lease most of our facilities, office buildings and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through December 2028. Our lease for our former corporate offices in Sunnyvale, California expired in December 2018. We entered into a lease for our corporate headquarters located in San Jose, California, for 181,000 square feet of office space commencing January 2019 and expiring in December 2028. Our headquarters is used for administration, research and development and sales and marketing. Additionally, we lease various manufacturing facilities in Sunnyvale, California and Mountain View, California. Our current lease for our Sunnyvale manufacturing facilities, entered into in April 2005, expires in 2020. Our current lease for our manufacturing facilities at Mountain View, entered into in December 2011, expired in December 2019 and is extended on a month to month arrangement. These plants together comprise approximately 281,265 square feet of space. We lease additional office space as field offices in the United States and around the world including in India, the Republic of Korea, China and Taiwan. During the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , rent expense for all occupied facilities was $2.1 million and $2.0 million , respectively. Equipment Leases Beginning in December 2015, we are a party to master lease agreements that provide for the sale of our Energy Servers to third parties and the simultaneous leaseback of the systems which we then sublease to customers. The lease agreements expire on various dates through 2025 and there was no recorded rent expense for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 . 43 At March 31, 2020 , future minimum lease payments under operating leases and financing obligations were as follows (in thousands): 1 Sublease Payments primarily represents the fees received by the bank from our end customer for the electricity generated by our Energy Servers leased under our Managed Services and other similar arrangements, which also pay down our financing obligation to the bank. Managed Services Financing Obligations - Our managed services arrangements are classified as capital leases and are recorded as financing transactions, while the sublease arrangements with the end customer are classified as operating leases. Payments received from the financier are recorded as financing obligations. These obligations are included in each agreements' contract value and are recorded as short-term or long-term liabilities based on the estimated payment dates. The long-term financing obligations were $443.4 million and $446.2 million as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively. The difference between these obligations and the principal obligations in the table above will be offset against the carrying value of the related Energy Servers at the end of the lease and the remainder recognized as a gain at that point. We recognize revenue for the electricity generated by allocating the total proceeds of the sublease payments based on the relative standalone selling prices to electricity revenue and to service revenue. Purchase Commitments with Suppliers and Contract Manufacturers - In order to reduce manufacturing lead-times and to ensure an adequate supply of inventories, we have agreements with our component suppliers and contract manufacturers to allow long lead-time component inventory procurement based on a rolling production forecast. We are contractually obligated to purchase long lead-time component inventory procured by certain manufacturers in accordance with its forecasts. We can generally give notice of order cancellation at least 90 days prior to the delivery date. However, we issue purchase orders to our component suppliers and third-party manufacturers that may not be cancelable. As of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , we had no material open purchase orders with our component suppliers and third-party manufacturers that are not cancelable. Power Purchase Agreement Program - Under the terms of the Bloom Electrons program (see Note 13, Power Purchase Agreement Programs ), customers agree to purchase power from our Energy Servers at negotiated rates, generally for periods of up to twenty-one years. We are responsible for all operating costs necessary to maintain, monitor and repair the Energy Servers, including the fuel necessary to operate the systems under certain PPA contracts. The risk associated with the future market price of fuel purchase obligations is mitigated with commodity contract futures. The PPA Entities guarantee the performance of Energy Servers at certain levels of output and efficiency to its customers over the contractual term. The PPA Entities monitor the need for any accruals arising from such guaranties, which are calculated as the difference between committed and actual power output or between natural gas consumption at warranted efficiency levels and actual consumption, multiplied by the contractual rates with the customer. Amounts payable under these guaranties are accrued in periods when the guaranties are not met and are recorded in cost of service revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. We paid $5.7 million and $3.5 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. In June 2015, PPA V entered into a $131.2 million credit agreement to fund the purchase and installation of our Energy Servers. The lenders have commitments to a letter of credit ("LC") facility with the aggregate principal amount of $6.2 million . The LC facility is to fund the Debt Service Reserve Account. The amount reserved under the LC as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was $5.0 million . In 2019, pursuant to the PPA II upgrade of Energy Servers, we agreed to indemnify SPDS for losses that may be incurred in the event of certain regulatory, legal or legislative development and established a cash-collateralized letter of credit for this purpose. As of March 31, 2020 , the balance of this cash-collateralized letter of credit was $108.7 million . 44 In 2019, pursuant to the PPA IIIb upgrade of Energy Servers, we have restricted cash of $20.0 million which has been pledged for a seven-year period to secure our operations and maintenance obligations with respect to the totality of our obligations to the financier. All or a portion of such funds would be released if we meet certain credit rating and/or market capitalization milestones prior to the end of the pledge period. If we do not meet the required criteria within the first five-year period, the funds would still be released to us over the following two years as long as the Energy Servers continue to perform in compliance with our warranty obligations. Contingencies Indemnification Agreements - We enter into standard indemnification agreements with our customers and certain other business partners in the ordinary course of business. Our exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves future claims that may be made against us but have not yet been made. To date, we have not paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to our indemnification obligations. However, we may record charges in the future as a result of these indemnification obligations. Delaware Economic Development Authority - In March 2012, we entered into an agreement with the Delaware Economic Development Authority to provide a grant of $16.5 million as an incentive to establish a new manufacturing facility in Delaware and to provide employment for full time workers at the facility over a certain period of time. The grant contains two types of milestones that we must complete to retain the entire amount of the grant proceeds. The first milestone was to provide employment for 900 full time workers in Delaware by the end of the first recapture period of September 30, 2017 . The second milestone was to pay these full-time workers a cumulative total of $108.0 million in compensation by September 30, 2017 . There are two additional recapture periods at which time we must continue to employ 900 full time workers and the cumulative total compensation paid by us is required to be at least $324.0 million by September 30, 2023 . As of March 31, 2020 , we had 346 full time workers in Delaware and paid $127.8 million in cumulative compensation. As of December 31, 2019 , we had 323 full time workers in Delaware and paid $120.1 million in cumulative compensation. We have so far received $12.0 million of the grant which is contingent upon meeting the milestones through September 30, 2023 . In the event that we do not meet the milestones, we may have to repay the Delaware Economic Development Authority, including up to $3.1 million on September 30, 2021 and up to an additional $2.5 million on September 30, 2023 . As of March 31, 2020 , we paid $1.5 million for recapture provisions and have recorded $10.5 million in other long-term liabilities for potential recapture. Self-Generation Incentive Program ("SGIP") - Our PPA Entities’ customers receive payments under the SGIP which is a program specific to the State of California that provides financial incentives for the installation of qualifying new self-generation equipment that we own. The SGIP program issues 50% of the fully anticipated amount in the first year the equipment is placed into service. The remaining incentive is then paid based on the size of the equipment (i.e., nameplate kilowatt capacity) over the subsequent five years . The SGIP program has operational criteria primarily related to fuel mixture and minimum output for the first five years after the qualified equipment is placed in service. If the operational criteria are not fulfilled, it could result in a partial refund of funds received. However, for certain PPA Entities, we make SGIP reservations on behalf of the PPA Entity and, therefore, the PPA Entity bears the risk of loss if these funds are not paid. Investment Tax Credits ("ITCs") - Our Energy Servers are eligible for federal ITCs that accrued to qualified property under Internal Revenue Code Section 48 when placed into service. However, the ITC program has operational criteria that extend for five years. If the energy property is disposed or otherwise ceases to be qualified investment credit property before the close of the five year recapture period is fulfilled, it could result in a partial reduction of the incentives. Our purchase of Energy Servers were by the PPA Entities and, therefore, the PPA Entities bear the risk of repayment if the assets placed in service do not meet the ITC operational criteria in the future. Legal Matters - From time to time, we are involved in disputes, claims, litigation, investigations, proceedings and/or other legal actions consisting of commercial, securities and employment matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We review all legal matters at least quarterly and assesses whether an accrual for loss contingencies needs to be recorded. The assessment reflects the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular situation. We record an accrual for loss contingencies when management believes that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal matters are subject to uncertainties and are inherently unpredictable, so the actual liability in any such matters may be materially different from our estimates. If an unfavorable resolution were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows for the period in which the resolution occurs or on future periods. In July 2018, two former executives of Advanced Equities, Inc., Keith Daubenspeck and Dwight Badger, filed a Statement of Claim with the American Arbitration Association in Santa Clara, CA, against us, Kleiner Perkins, Caufield & Byers, LLC (“KPCB”), New Enterprise Associates, LLC (“NEA”) and affiliated entities of both KPCB and NEA seeking to compel arbitration and alleging a breach of a confidential agreement executed between the parties on June 27, 2014 (the 45 “Confidential Agreement”). On May 7, 2019, KPCB and NEA were dismissed with prejudice. On June 15, 2019, a Second Amended Statement of Claim was filed against us alleging securities fraud, fraudulent inducement, a breach of the Confidential Agreement, and violation of the California unfair competition law. On July 16, 2019, we filed our Answering Statement and Affirmative Defenses. On September 27, 2019, we filed a motion to dismiss the Statement of Claim. On March 24, 2020, the Tribunal denied our motion to dismiss in part, and ordered that Claimant’s relief is limited to rescission of the Confidential Agreement or remedies consistent with rescission, and not expectation damages. We do not believe Claimant’s claims supporting rescission have merit nor that Claimants can remit to us the monetary benefits they already obtained under the Confidential Agreement. We have recorded no loss contingency related to this claim. In June 2019, Messrs. Daubenspeck and Badger filed a complaint against our CEO and our former CFO in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Case No. 1:19-cv-04305, asserting nearly identical claims as those in the pending arbitration discussed above. The lawsuit has been stayed pending the outcome of the arbitration. We believe the complaint to be without merit and, as a result, we have recorded no loss contingency related to this claim. In March 2019, the Lincolnshire Police Pension Fund filed a class action complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara, against us, certain members of our senior management, certain of our directors and the underwriters in our initial public offering alleging violations under Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for alleged misleading statements or omissions in our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our July 25, 2018 initial public offering. Two related class action cases were subsequently filed in the Santa Clara County Superior Court against the same defendants containing the same allegations; Rodriquez vs Bloom Energy et al. was filed on April 22, 2019 and Evans vs Bloom Energy et al. was filed on May 7, 2019. These cases have been consolidated. Plaintiffs' Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed with the court on September 12, 2019. On October 4, 2019, defendants moved to stay the lawsuit pending the federal district court action discussed below. On December 7, 2019, the Superior Court issued an order staying the action through resolution of the parallel federal litigation mentioned below. We believe the complaint to be without merit and we intend to vigorously defend. In May 2019, Elissa Roberts filed a class action complaint in the federal district court for the Northern District of California against us, certain members of our senior management team, and certain of our directors alleging violations under Section 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for alleged misleading statements or omissions in our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our July 25, 2018 initial public offering. On September 3, 2019, James Hunt was appointed as lead plaintiff and Levi & Korsinsky was appointed as plaintiff’s counsel. On November 4, 2019, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint adding the underwriters in our initial public offering, claims under Sections 10b and 20a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and extending the class period to September 16, 2019. On April 21, 2020, plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint adding claims under the Securities Act of 1933. The Second Amended complaint also adds allegations pertaining to the Restatement and, as to claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, extends the class period through February 12, 2020. We believe the complaint to be without merit and we intend to vigorously defend. In November 2019, Michael Bolouri filed a class action complaint in the federal district court for the Northern District of California against us, certain members of our senior management, certain of our directors and the underwriters in our initial public offering, alleging violations under Section 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and violations under Sections 10b and 20a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for alleged misleading statements or omissions in our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our July 25, 2018 initial public offering and continuing through September 16, 2019. On December 11, 2019, a notice of voluntary dismissal was filed by the plaintiff and the case has now been dismissed. I n September 2019, we received a books and records demand from purported Company stockholder Dennis Jacob (“Jacob Demand”). The Jacob Demand cites allegations from the September 17, 2019 report prepared by admitted short seller Hindenburg Research. In November 2019, we received a substantially similar books and records demand from the same law firm on behalf of purported Company stockholder Michael Bolouri (“Bolouri Demand” and, together with the Jacob Demand, the “Demands”). On January 13, 2020, Messrs. Jacob and Bolouri filed a complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery to enforce the Demands in the matter styled Jacob v. Bloom Energy Corp. , C.A. No. 2020-0023-JRS. On March 9, 2020, Messrs. Jacob and Bolouri filed an amended complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery to add allegations regarding the restatement. A trial date for this matter has been set for December 7, 2020. We believe the complaint to be without merit. In March 2020, Francisco Sanchez filed a class action complaint in Santa Clara County Superior Court against us alleging certain wage and hour violations under the California Labor Code and Industrial Welfare Commission Wage Orders and that we engaged in unfair business practices under the California Business and Professions Code. We are still investigating the allegations but believe the complaint to be without merit and, as a result, we have recorded no loss contingency related to this claim. 46 15. Segment Information Segment and the Chief Operating Decision Maker Our chief operating decision makers ("CODMs"), our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, review financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The CODMs allocate resources and make operational decisions based on direct involvement with our operations and product development efforts. We are managed under a functionally-based organizational structure with the head of each function reporting to the Chief Executive Officer. The CODMs assess performance, including incentive compensation, based upon consolidated operations performance and financial results on a consolidated basis. As such, we have a single operating unit structure and are a single reporting segment. 16. Related Party Transactions Our operations included the following related party transactions (in thousands): Bloom Energy Japan Limited In May 2013, we entered into a joint venture with Softbank Corp., which is accounted for as an equity method investment. Under this arrangement, we sell Energy Servers and provide maintenance services to the joint venture. For the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , we recognized related party total revenue of $1.0 million and $0.8 million , respectively. Accounts receivable from this joint venture was $0.4 million as of March 31, 2020 and $2.7 million as of December 31, 2019 . Debt to Related Parties The following is a summary of our debt and convertible notes from investors considered to be related parties as of March 31, 2020 (in thousands): 47 The following is a summary of our debt and convertible notes from investors considered to be related parties as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands): In November 2019, one related party note holder exchanged $6.9 million of their 6% Convertible Notes at the conversion price of $11.25 per share into 616,302 shares of common stock. On March 31, 2020, we issued $30.0 million new 10% Convertible Notes to two related party note holders. We repaid $2.1 million and $0.8 million of the non-recourse 7.5% term loan principal balance in the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 , respectively, and we paid $0.7 million and $0.8 million of interest in the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , respectively. See Note 7, Outstanding Loans and Security Agreements for additional information on our debt facilities. 17. Subsequent Events Senior Secured Notes Private Placement On May 1, 2020, we issued $70.0 million of 10.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the “10.25% Senior Secured Notes”) in a private placement (the “Senior Secured Notes Private Placement”). The 10.25% Senior Secured Notes are governed by an indenture (the “Senior Secured Notes Indenture”) entered into among us, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as trustee and collateral agent. The 10.25% Senior Secured Notes are secured by certain of our operations and maintenance agreements that previously were part of the security for the 6% Convertible Notes. We used the proceeds of this issuance to repay $70.0 million of our 10% Convertible Notes on May 1, 2020. The 10.25% Senior Secured Notes are supported by a $150.0 million Indenture between us and US Bank National Association which contains an accordion feature under for an additional $80.0 million of notes that can be issued within the next eighteen months. Interest on the 10.25% Senior Secured Notes is payable on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing June 30, 2020. The 10.25% Senior Secured Notes Indenture contains customary events of default and covenants relating to, among other things, the incurrence of debt, affiliate transactions, liens and restricted payments. On or after March 27, 2022, we may redeem all of the 10.25% Senior Secured Notes at a price equal to 108% of the principal amount of the 10.25% Senior Secured Note plus accrued and unpaid interest, with such optional redemption prices decreasing to 104% on and after March 27, 2023, 102% on and after March 27, 2024 and 100% on and after March 27, 2026. Before March 27, 2022, we may redeem the 10.25% Senior Secured Note upon repayment of a make-whole premium. If we experience a change of control, we must offer to purchase for cash all or any part of each holder’s 10.25% Senior Secured Note at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 10.25% Senior Secured Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The amended 6% Convertible Notes and the $30.0 million new 10% Convertible Notes were all memorialized in the Amended and Restated Indenture between the Company and US National Bank dated April 20, 2020. Other Events There have been no other subsequent events that occurred during the period subsequent to the date of these financial statements that would require adjustment to our disclosure in the financial statements as presented. 48 ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q , including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements following the Table of Contents of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . You should review the disclosure under Item 1A - Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Overview Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements We have restated our previously reported financial information as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2019 in this Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including but not limited to information within Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections . See Note 2, Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements , in Item 1, Financial Statements , for additional information related to the restatement, including descriptions of the misstatements and the impacts on our consolidated financial statements. Description of Bloom Energy Our solution, the Bloom Energy Server, is a stationary power generation platform built for the digital age and capable of delivering highly reliable, uninterrupted, 24x7 constant power that is also clean and sustainable. The Bloom Energy Server converts standard low-pressure natural gas, biogas or hydrogen into electricity through an electrochemical process without combustion, resulting in very high conversion efficiencies and lower harmful emissions than conventional fossil fuel generation. A typical configuration produces 250 kilowatts of power in a footprint roughly equivalent to that of half of a standard thirty-foot shipping container, or approximately 125 times more space-efficient than solar power generation. 250 kilowatts of power is roughly equivalent to the constant power requirement of a typical big box retail store. Any number of our Energy Server systems can be clustered together in various configurations to form solutions from hundreds of kilowatts to many tens of megawatts. We currently primarily target commercial and industrial customers. We market and sell our Energy Servers primarily through our direct sales organization in the United States, and also have direct and indirect sales channels internationally. Recognizing that deploying our solutions requires a material financial commitment, we have developed a number of financing options to support sales of our Energy Servers to customers who lack the financial capability to purchase our Energy Servers directly, who prefer to finance the acquisition using third party financing or who prefer to contract for our services on a pay-as-you-go model. Our typical target commercial or industrial customer has historically been either an investment-grade entity or a customer with investment-grade attributes such as size, assets and revenue, liquidity, geographically diverse operations and general financial stability. We have recently expanded our product and financing options to the below-investment-grade customers and have also expanded internationally to target customers with deployments on a wholesale grid. Given that our customers are typically large institutions with multi-level decision making processes, we generally experience a lengthy sales process. 49 COVID-19 Pandemic General We have been and will continue monitoring and adjusting as appropriate our operations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a technology company that supplies resilient, reliable and clean energy, we have been able to conduct the majority of operations as an “essential business” in California and Delaware, notwithstanding government “shelter in place” orders, although we have closed our headquarters building in Santa Clara County, California, and directed employees - unless they are directly supporting essential manufacturing production operations, installation work or service and maintenance activities - to work from their homes. For more information regarding the risks posed to our company by the COVID-19 pandemic, refer to Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Products and Manufacturing, Our business has been and will continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic . Sales In some markets, we have experienced an increase in time to close new business as our customers deal with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Decision makers in organizations, such as education and entertainment, have shifted their focus to the immediate needs of the pandemic thus delaying their purchase decisions and capital outlays. While there may ultimately be a reduction in electricity needs due to decrease in economic activity, the current impact is more aligned with a longer signature cycle. Our ability to continue to expand our business both domestically and internationally and develop customer relationships also has been negatively impacted by current travel restrictions. Our marketing efforts historically have often involved customer visits to our manufacturing centers in California or Delaware, which we have suspended. On the other hand, a significant portion of our customers are hospitals, healthcare companies, retailers and data centers. These industries are composed of essential businesses that still need the resiliency and reliability offered by our products. We have seen an increase in demand for our products in these sectors where the COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the benefits of always-on, on-site power in times of disaster and uncertainty. In addition, the pandemic has had no effect on our business in the Republic of Korea. We have also had some unique opportunities to deploy our systems on an emergency basis to support temporary hospitals. We believe deploying clean electrical power with no oxides of nitrogen (NOx) or sulfur (SOx) emissions, especially as atmospheric pollutants, is important for facilities preparing to treat a respiratory disease like COVID-19. As a result of this opportunity to introduce our products to more healthcare providers, demand for our products at some permanent hospitals has also increased. Customer Financing COVID-19 has not yet impacted our ability to obtain financing for our customers’ use of our products, but we believe that the economic downturn associated with the pandemic could have a negative impact on the sources of capital we have historically utilized. A majority of the installations we have planned in the United States in 2020 remain contingent on securing financing for our customers’ use of our Energy Servers at their sites, which may be increasingly difficult to obtain. Our general recent experience has been that financing parties have capital to deploy and are interested in financing our Energy Servers and, at present, revenue and cash have not been impacted by our inability to obtain financing for customer installations. Our ability to obtain financing for our Energy Servers partly depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. Some of our customers’ credit ratings have recently fallen, which may make it difficult for us to obtain financing for their use of an Energy Server. Although the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our ability to obtain financing for our customers’ use of our Energy Servers has not yet had a significant impact on our business, delays in obtaining financing for our Energy Servers would lead to a decrease in our revenue and cash. Furthermore, in cases where the inability to obtain financing only becomes apparent after we have installed an Energy Server, there would be no offsetting decrease in our expenses. We have actively been working with new sources of capital that could finance projects. We believe the current environment may increase the time to solidify new relationships, and thus negatively impact the time required to achieve funding. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have implemented measures to preserve cash and enhance liquidity, including suspending salary increases and bonuses, instituting a company-wide hiring freeze, eliminating business travel, reducing capital expenditures, and delaying or eliminating discretionary spending. We are also focused on managing our working capital needs, maintaining as much 50 flexibility as possible around timing of taking and paying for inventory and manufacturing our product while managing potential changes or delays in installations. However, there could be some impact to near-term working capital needs over the next two quarters as we have already committed to certain items with long lead-times. While we do not expect that it will be necessary to access capital markets for cash to operate our business for the next 12 months and have extended the terms of the 10% Convertible Notes and 10% Constellation Note to December 2021, if the impact of COVID-19 to our business and financial position is more extensive than expected, we may need additional capital to enhance liquidity. Capital markets have been volatile and there is no assurance that we would have access to capital markets at a reasonable cost, or at all, at times when capital is needed. In addition, our existing debt has restrictive covenants that limit our ability to raise new debt or to sell assets, which would limit our ability to access liquidity by those means without obtaining consent from existing noteholders. The redemption penalty on our 10% Convertible Notes starting in October 2020 could also adversely affect our financial position if we are unable to access capital markets to refinance into reasonable terms. Refer to Note 7, Outstanding Loans and Security Agreements and Note 17, Subsequent Events - Senior Secured Notes Private Placement in Item 1 , Financial Statements; Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources ; and Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Liquidity, Our substantial indebtedness, and restrictions imposed by the agreements governing our and our PPA Entities’ outstanding indebtedness, may limit our financial and operating activities and may adversely affect our ability to incur additional debt to fund future needs and We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations, for more information regarding the terms of and risks associated with our debt. Operations and maintenance cash flows for certain PPAs, direct purchases and leases are pledged to the 10% Senior Secured Notes and 10.25% Senior Secured Notes. If there is delay in payment from customers, or if a customer does not renew a contract with us that we expected to be renewed, either event could adversely affect our ability to service existing debt, which could trigger a default if non-payment extends beyond the grace period. Even if we are able to sustain debt service payments, if we could not meet certain minimum debt service coverage ratio levels specified in our debt agreements, excess cash after the debt has been serviced could not be released to support our operations and would negatively affect our liquidity position. Installations of Energy Servers The COVID-19 pandemic has caused delays in some of our installations. Since we do not recognize revenue on the sales of our products until installation and acceptance, installation delays have a negative impact on our operating results. Our installations have been deemed “essential business” and allowed to proceed in many jurisdictions, which has allowed us to continue to install our Energy Servers to date. However, restrictions in some jurisdictions, such as New York and New Jersey, have required us to suspend our installations there. In addition, we have experienced delays and interruptions to our installations where customers have shut down or otherwise limited access to their facilities. Diminished access to utilities has also contributed to installation delays, as our installations require both gas and electrical hook ups. In some states, utilities are currently refusing to work on our installations or issue permits, thereby delaying completion of the affected projects indefinitely. Some of our backlog can only be deployed when the customer brings on sufficient load for our systems. Facility closings and diminished economic activity delay that load coming online, leading customers to postpone the completion of installations. We use general contractors and sub-contractors, and need supplies of various types of ancillary equipment, for our installations. Some of our suppliers have had COVID-19 outbreaks among their workforces, which have caused installation delays. In addition, the availability and productivity of contractors, sub-contractors, and suppliers has generally been negatively impacted by social distancing requirements and other safety measures. None of our installations in the quarter ended March 31, 2020 were impacted by COVID-19. Several installations scheduled for the next two quarters are currently impacted as the customer sites are closed, and either we are not being allowed on site or the local utility is refusing to come to our site to perform the required work so we can power up our Energy Server. Manufacturing As an essential business, we have continued to manufacture Energy Servers, but have adopted strict measures to keep our employees safe. These measures have decreased productivity to an extent, but our deployments, maintenance and installations have not yet been constrained by our current pace of manufacturing. If we become aware of any cases of COVID-19 among our manufacturing employees, we would be required to shut down the applicable facility until it could be sanitized, which we believe would take anywhere from one to four days. Although 51 this has not yet occurred, we believe there is a reasonable likelihood that it will in the future, which may cause delays in deployments of our Energy Servers. Purchase and Lease Options Initially, we only offered our Energy Servers on a direct purchase basis, in which the customer purchases the product directly from us. In order to expand our offerings to customers who lack the financial capability to purchase our Energy Servers directly (including customers who are unable to monetize the tax credits available to purchasers of our Energy Servers) and/or who prefer to lease the product or contract for our services on a pay-as-you-go model, we subsequently developed the traditional lease ("Traditional Lease"), Managed Services, and power purchase agreement programs ("PPA Programs"). Our capacity to offer our Energy Servers through any of these financed arrangements depends in large part on the ability of the financing party or parties involved to monetize the related investment tax credits, accelerated tax depreciation and other incentives. Interest rate fluctuations may also impact the attractiveness of any financing offerings for our customers, and currency exchange fluctuations may also impact the attractiveness of international offerings. The Traditional Lease, Managed Services and PPA Program options are limited by the creditworthiness of the customer. Additionally, the Managed Services and Traditional Lease options, as with all leases, are also limited by the customer’s willingness to commit to making fixed payments regardless of the performance of the Energy Servers or our performance of our obligations under the customer agreement. In each of our purchase options, we typically perform the functions of a project developer, including identifying end customers and financiers, leading the negotiations of the customer agreements and financing agreements, securing all necessary permitting and interconnections approvals, and overseeing the design and construction of the project up to and including commissioning the Energy Servers. Under each purchase option, we provide warranties and performance guaranties for the Energy Servers’ efficiency and output. We refer to a “warranty” as a commitment where the failure of the Energy Servers to satisfy the stated performance level obligates us to repair or replace the Energy Servers as necessary to improve performance. If we fail to complete such repair or replacement, or if repair or replacement is impossible, we may be obligated to repurchase the Energy Servers from the customer or financier. We refer to a “guaranty” as a commitment where the failure of the Energy Servers to satisfy the stated performance level obligates us to make a payment to compensate the beneficiary of such guaranty for the resulting increased cost or diminution in benefits resulting from such failure. Our obligation to make payments under the guaranty is always contractually capped and represents a contingency linked to our services obligation with no economic incentive for us to default and force an exercise of the payment obligation. Under direct purchase and Traditional Lease, the warranties and guaranties are typically included in the price of our Energy Server for the first year. The warranties and guaranties may be renewed annually at the customer’s option, as an operations and maintenance services agreement, at predetermined prices for a period of up to 30 years. Historically, our customers and financiers have almost always exercised their option to renew the warranties and guaranties under these operations and maintenance services agreements. Under the Managed Services Program, the warranties and guaranties are included for the fixed period specified in the customer agreement. This period is typically 10 years, which may be extended at the option of the parties for additional years. Under the PPA Programs, we typically provide warranties and guaranties regarding our Energy Servers’ efficiency to the customer (i.e., the end user of the electricity generated by our Energy Servers, who is also responsible for the purchase of the fuel required for our Energy Servers’ operations), and we provide warranties and guaranties regarding our Energy Servers’ output to the financier(s) that purchases our Energy Servers. The warranties and guaranties are typically included in the price of our Energy Server for the first year and may be renewed annually at the financier’s option, as an operations and maintenance services agreement, at predetermined prices for a period of up to 30 years. Historically, our financiers have almost always exercised their option to renew the warranties and guaranties under these operations and maintenance services agreements. We also provide a fixed schedule of prices for each year of the term of our agreements with our Customers and none of our Customers have failed to renew our operations and maintenance agreements. The substantial majority of bookings made in recent periods are pursuant to the PPA and the Managed Services Programs. Each of our financing structures is described in further detail below. 52 Traditional Lease Under the Traditional Lease arrangement, the customer enters into a lease directly with a financier, which pays us for our Energy Servers purchased pursuant to a sales agreement (see the description of the Financing Agreement below). We recognize product and installation revenue upon acceptance. After the standard one-year warranty period, our customers have almost always exercised the option to enter into operations and maintenance services agreements with us, under which we receive annual service payments from the customer. The price for the annual operations and maintenance services is set at the time we enter into the Financing Agreement. The term of a lease in a Traditional Lease ranges from 5 to 8 years. Under a Financing Agreement, we are generally paid the full price of our Energy Servers as if sold as a purchase by the customer based on four milestones. The four payment milestones are typically as follows: (i) 15% upon execution of the financier's entry into the lease with a customer, (ii) 25% on the day that is 180 days prior to delivery of the Energy Servers, (iii) 40% upon shipment of the Energy Servers, and (iv) 20% upon acceptance of the Energy Servers. The financier receives title to the Energy Servers upon installation at the customer site and the financier has risk of loss while our Energy Server is in operation on the customer’s site. The Financing Agreement provides for the installation of our Energy Servers and includes a standard one-year warranty, to the financier, which includes the performance guaranties described below, with the warranty offered on an annually renewing basis at the discretion of, and to, the customer. The customer must provide fuel for the Bloom Energy Servers to operate. Our direct lease deployments typically provide for warranties and guaranties of both the efficiency and output of our Energy Servers, all of which are written in favor of the customer and contained in the operations and maintenance services agreement. These warranties and guaranties may be measured on a monthly, annual, cumulative or other basis. As of December 31, 2019, we had incurred no liabilities due to failure to repair or replace our Energy Servers pursuant to these warranties. Our obligation to make payments for underperformance against the performance guaranties for Traditional Lease projects was capped contractually under the sales agreements between us and each customer at an aggregate total of approximately $6.0 million (including payments both for low output and for low efficiency), and, our aggregate remaining potential liability under this cap was approximately $4.8 million . Remarketing at Termination of Lease In the event the customer does not renew or purchase our Energy Servers to the end of any customer lease, we may remarket any such Energy Servers to a third party. Any proceeds of such sale would be allocated between us and the applicable financing partner as agreed between them at the time of such sale. 53 Managed Services Financing In a Managed Services financing, we enter into a Managed Services Agreement with a customer, pursuant to which the customer is able to use the Energy Server for a certain term. Under the Managed Services Agreement, the customer makes a monthly payment for the use of the Energy Server. The customer payment typically has two components: (i) a fixed monthly capacity-based payment and (ii) a performance-based payment based on the output of electricity that month from the Energy Server. The fixed capacity-based payments made by the customer under the Managed Services Agreement are applied toward our obligation to pay down our liability under the master lease with the financier. The performance payment is transferred to us as compensation for operations and maintenance services and recorded as services revenue within the consolidated statements of operations. In some cases, the customer’s monthly payment consists solely of the first component, a fixed monthly capacity-based payment. Once a financier is identified and the Energy Server’s installation is complete, we sell the Energy Server contemplated by the Managed Services Agreement directly to a financier and the financier, as lessor, leases it back to us, as lessee, pursuant to a master lease in a sale-leaseback transaction. The proceeds from the sale are recorded as a financing obligation within the consolidated balance sheets. Any ongoing operations and maintenance service payments are scheduled in the Managed Services Agreement in the form of the performance-based payment described above. The financier typically pays the financing proceeds for the Energy Server contemplated by the Managed Services Agreement on or shortly after acceptance. The fixed capacity payments made by the customer under the Managed Services Agreement are recognized as electricity revenue when billed and applied toward our obligation to pay the financing obligation under the master lease. Our Managed Services financings have historically shifted customer credit risk to the financier, as lessor, by providing in the master lease agreement that we have no liability for payment of rent except in certain enumerated circumstances, including in the event we are in breach of the Managed Services Agreement between us and the customer. The duration of the master lease in a Managed Services financing is typically 10 years. The term of the master lease is typically the same as the term of the related Managed Services Agreement, but in some cases the term of the master lease is shorter than that of the Managed Services Agreement. Our Managed Services deployments typically provide only for warranties of both the efficiency and output of the Energy Server(s), all of which are written in favor of the customer and contained in the operations and maintenance services agreement. These warranties may be measured on a monthly, annual, cumulative or other basis. Managed Services projects typically do not include guaranties above the warranty commitments, but in projects where the customer agreement includes a service payment for our operations and maintenance, that payment is typically proportionate to the output generated by the Energy Server(s) and our pricing assumes service revenues at the 95% output level. This means that our service revenues may be lower than expected if output is less than 95% and higher if output exceeds 95%. As of December 31, 2019, we had incurred no liabilities due to failure to repair or replace our Energy Servers pursuant to these warranties and the fleet of our 54 Energy Servers deployed pursuant to the Managed Services Program was performing at a lifetime average output of approximately 88% . Power Purchase Agreement Programs *Under the Third Party PPA arrangements, there is no link with an investment company, as we do not have an equity investment in these arrangements. In each Power Purchase Agreement, we sell our Energy Servers to an Operating Company which sells the electricity generated by the Energy Servers to the ultimate end customers pursuant to a Power Purchase Agreement, energy services agreement, or similar contract. Because the end customer's payment is stated on a dollar-per-kilowatt-hour basis, we refer to these agreements as Power Purchase Agreements ("PPAs"). Currently, our offerings for PPA Programs primarily include our Third-Party PPA Programs pursuant to which we recognize revenue on acceptance. Through 2017, as part of our PPA Programs, we had also offered the Bloom Electrons Program which included an equity investment by us in the Operating Company and in which we recognized revenue as the electricity was produced. For further discussion on our Bloom Electrons Programs, see Note 13, Power Purchase Agreement Programs, in Item 1 , Financial Statements . In our Power Purchase Agreement Program, we enter into an Energy Server sales, operations and maintenance agreement ("EPC and O&M Agreement") with the Operating Company that will own the Energy Servers. The Operating Company then enters into the PPA with the end customer which purchases electricity generated by the Energy Servers. The Operating Company receives all cash flows generated under the PPA(s), in addition to all investment tax credits, all accelerated tax depreciation benefits, and any other cash flows generated by the operation of the Energy Servers not allocated to the end customer under the PPA. The sales of our Energy Servers to the Operating Company in connection with the various Power Purchase Agreement Programs have many of the same terms and conditions as a direct sale. Payment of the purchase price is generally broken down into multiple installments, which may include payments prior to shipment, upon shipment or delivery of the Energy Server, and upon acceptance of the Energy Server. Acceptance typically occurs when the Energy Server is installed and running at full power as defined in the applicable EPC and O&M Agreement. A one-year service warranty is provided with the initial sale. After the expiration of the initial standard one-year warranty, the Operating Company has the option to extend our operations and maintenance services under the EPC and O&M Agreement on an annual basis at a price determined at the time of purchase of our Energy Server, which may be renewed annually for each Energy Server for up to 30 years. After the 55 standard one-year warranty period, the Operating Company has almost always exercised the option to renew our operations and maintenance obligations under the EPC and O&M Agreement. We typically provide output warranties and output guaranties to the Operating Company pursuant to the applicable EPC and O&M Agreement with the Operating Company. The end customer agreement between the Operating Company and the end customer also provides efficiency warranties and efficiency guaranties to the end user, and we provide a backstop of all of the Operating Company’s obligations under those agreements, including both the repair or replacement obligations pursuant to the warranties and any payment liabilities under the guaranties. As of December 31, 2019, we had incurred no liabilities due to failure to repair or replace Energy Servers pursuant to these warranties. Our obligation to make payments for underperformance against the performance guaranties for Power Purchase Agreement projects was capped at an aggregate total of approximately $75.4 million (including payments both for low output and for low efficiency) and our aggregate remaining potential liability under this cap was approximately $59.8 million . Obligations to Operating Companies In addition to our obligations to the end customers, our Power Purchase Agreement Programs involve many obligations to the Operating Company that purchases our Energy Servers. These obligations are set forth in the applicable EPC and O&M Agreement(s), and may include some or all of the following obligations: The EPC and O&M Agreements obligate us to repurchase the Energy Servers in the event the Energy Servers fail to comply with the performance warranties and in the event we otherwise breach the terms of the applicable EPC and O&M Agreements and we fail to remedy such failure or breach after a cure period, or in the event that a PPA terminates as a result of any failure by us to comply with the applicable EPC and O&M Agreements. In some PPA Program projects, our obligation to repurchase Energy Servers extends to the entire fleet of Energy Servers sold pursuant to the applicable EPC and O&M Agreements in the event such failure affects more than a specified number of Energy Servers. In some PPA Programs, we have also agreed to pay liquidated damages to the applicable Operating Company in the event of delays in the manufacture and installation of our Energy Servers, either in the form of a cash payment or a reduction in the purchase price for the applicable Energy Servers. Both the upfront purchase price for the Energy Servers and the ongoing fees for our operations and maintenance are paid on a fixed dollar-per-kilowatt basis. Indemnification of Performance Warranty Expenses Under PPAs - In addition to the performance warranties and guaranties in the EPC and O&M Agreements, we also have agreed to indemnify certain Operating Companies for any expenses they incur to any of the end customers resulting from failures of the applicable Energy Servers to satisfy any of the performance warranties and guaranties set forth in the applicable PPAs. Administration of Operating Companies - In each of the Bloom Electrons programs, we perform certain administrative services on behalf of the applicable Operating Company, including invoicing the end customers for amounts owed under the PPAs, administering the cash receipts of the Operating Company in accordance with the requirements of the financing arrangements, interfacing with applicable regulatory agencies, and other similar obligations. We are compensated for these services on a fixed dollar-per-kilowatt basis. The Operating Company in each of the Bloom Electrons Programs (other than PPA I) has incurred debt in order to finance the acquisition of Energy Servers. The lenders for these projects are a combination of banks and/or institutional investors. In each case, the debt is secured by all of the assets of the applicable Operating Company, such assets being primarily comprised of the Energy Servers and a collateral assignment of each of the contracts to which the Operating Company is a party, including the O&M Agreement entered into with us and the offtake agreements entered into with the Operating Company’s customers, and is senior to all other debt obligations of the Operating Company. As further collateral, 56 the lenders receive a security interest in 100% of the membership interest of the Operating Company. However, as is typical in structured finance transactions of this nature, although the project debt is secured by all of the Operating Company’s assets, the lenders have no recourse to us or to any of the other equity investors in the project. The applicable debt agreements include provisions that implement a customary “payment waterfall” that dictates the priority in which the Operating Company will use its available funds to satisfy its payment obligations to us, the lenders, the tax equity investors and other third parties. We have determined that we are the primary beneficiary in the PPA Entities, subject to reassessments performed as a result of upgrade transactions (see Note 13, Power Purchase Agreement Programs , in Item 1, Financial Statements . Accordingly, we consolidate 100% of the assets, liabilities and operating results of these entities, including the Energy Servers and lease income, in our consolidated financial statements. We recognize the tax equity investors’ share of the net assets of the investment entities as noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries in our consolidated balance sheet. We recognize the amounts that are contractually payable to these investors in each period as distributions to noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of convertible redeemable preferred stock, redeemable noncontrolling interest, stockholders' deficit and noncontrolling interest. Our consolidated statements of cash flows reflect cash received from these investors as proceeds from investments by noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. Our consolidated statements of cash flows also reflect cash paid to these investors as distributions paid to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. We reflect any unpaid distributions to these investors as distributions payable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries on our consolidated balance sheets. However, the PPA Entities are separate and distinct legal entities, and Bloom Energy Corporation may not receive cash or other distributions from the PPA Entities except in certain limited circumstances and upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, such as compliance with applicable debt service coverage ratios and the achievement of a targeted internal rate of return to the tax equity investors, or otherwise. For further information about our Power Purchase Agreement Programs, see Note 13, Power Purchase Agreement Programs , in Item 1, Financial Statements . Delivery and Installation The timing of delivery and installations of our products have a significant impact on the timing of the recognition of product revenue. Many factors can cause a lag between the time that a customer signs a purchase order and our recognition of product revenue. These factors include the number of Energy Servers installed per site, local permitting and utility requirements, environmental, health and safety requirements, weather, and customer facility construction schedules. Many of these factors are unpredictable and their resolution is often outside of our or our customers’ control. Customers may also ask us to delay an installation for reasons unrelated to the foregoing, including delays in their obtaining financing. Further, due to unexpected delays, deployments may require unanticipated expenses to expedite delivery of materials or labor to ensure the installation meets the timing objectives. These unexpected delays and expenses can be exacerbated in periods in which we deliver and install a larger number of smaller projects. In addition, if even relatively short delays occur, there may be a significant shortfall between the revenue we expect to generate in a particular period and the revenue that we are able to recognize. For our installations, revenue and cost of revenue can fluctuate significantly on a periodic basis depending on the timing of acceptance and the type of financing used by the customer. As described in the Power Purchase Agreement Programs section above, we offered the Bloom Electrons purchase program through the end of 2016 and no longer offer this financing structure to potential customers. International Channel Partners Prior to 2018, we consummated a small number of sales outside the United States of America, including in India and Japan. In India, sales activities are currently conducted by Bloom Energy (India) Pvt. Ltd., our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary; however, we are currently evaluating the Indian market to determine whether the use of channel partners would be a beneficial go-to-market strategy to grow our India market sales. Japan. In Japan, sales are conducted pursuant to a Japanese joint venture established between us and subsidiaries of SoftBank Corp, called Bloom Energy Japan Limited ("Bloom Energy Japan"). Under this arrangement, we sell Energy Servers to Bloom Energy Japan and we recognize revenue once the Energy Servers leave the port of the U.S. as Bloom Energy Japan enters into the contract with the end customer and performs all installation work as well as some of the operations and maintenance work. The Republic of Korea. In 2018, Bloom Energy Japan consummated a sale of Energy Servers in the Republic of Korea to Korea South-East Power Company. Following this sale, we entered into a Preferred Distributor Agreement with SK Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. ("SK E&C") to enable us to sell directly into the Republic of Korea. Under our agreement with SK E&C, SK E&C has a right of first refusal during the term of the agreement, with certain exceptions, to serve as distributor of Energy Servers for any fuel cell generation project in the Republic of Korea, and we have the right of first refusal to serve as SK E&C’s supplier of generation equipment for any Bloom Energy fuel cell project in the Republic of Korea. Under the terms of each purchase order, title, risk of loss and acceptance of the Energy Servers pass from 57 us to SK E&C upon delivery at the named port of lading for shipment in the United States for the Energy Servers shipped in 2018 and thereafter upon delivery at the named port of unlading in the Republic of Korea, prior to unloading subject to final purchase order terms. The Preferred Distributor Agreement has an initial term expiring on December 31, 2021, and thereafter will automatically be renewed for three-year renewal terms unless either party terminates the Preferred Distributor Agreement by written notice under certain circumstances. Under the terms of the Preferred Distributor Agreement, we (or our subsidiary) contract directly with the customer to provide operations and maintenance services for the Energy Servers. We have established a subsidiary in the Republic of Korea, Bloom Energy Korea, LLC, to which we subcontract such operations and maintenance services. The terms of the operations and maintenance are negotiated on a case-by-case basis with each customer, but are generally expected to provide the customer with the option to receive services for at least 10 years, and for up to the life of the Energy Servers. SK E&C Joint Venture Agreement. In September 2019, we entered into a joint venture agreement with SK E&C to establish a light-assembly facility in the Republic of Korea for sales of certain portions of the Bloom Server for the stationary utility and commercial and industrial market in the Republic of Korea. The joint venture is majority controlled and managed by us. We expect the facility to be operational by mid-2020 subject to the completion of certain conditions precedent to the establishment of the joint venture company. Other than a nominal initial capital contribution by Bloom, the joint venture will be funded by SK E&C. SK E&C, who currently acts as a distributor for Bloom Servers for the stationary utility and commercial and industrial market in the Republic of Korea, will be the primary customer for the products assembled by the joint venture. Community Distributed Generation Programs In July 2015, the state of New York introduced its Community Distributed Generation program, which extends New York’s net metering program in order to allow utility customers to receive net metering credits for electricity generated by distributed generation assets located on the utility’s grid but not physically connected to the customer’s facility. This program allows for the use of multiple generation technologies, including fuel cells. In December 2019, we entered into fuel cell sales, installation, operations and maintenance agreements with two developers for the deployment of fuel cells pursuant to this Community Distributed Generation program. These agreements have many of the same terms and conditions as a direct sale. Payment of the purchase price is generally broken down into multiple installments, which may include payments prior to shipment, upon shipment or delivery of the Energy Server, and upon acceptance of the Energy Server. Acceptance typically occurs when the Energy Server is installed and running at full power as defined in each contract. A one-year service warranty is provided with the initial sale. After the expiration of the initial standard one-year warranty, the owner has the option to renew our operations and maintenance services for subsequent quarterly or annual periods for up to 30 years. We provide warranties and guaranties regarding both efficiency and output to the owners of the Energy Servers pursuant to the operations and maintenance services agreement with the Operating Company. As of March 31, 2020, we had not yet completed the sale of any Energy Servers in connection with the New York Community Distributed Generation program. Key Operating Metrics In addition to the measures presented in the consolidated financial statements, we use the following key operating metrics to evaluate business activity, to measure performance, to develop financial forecasts and to make strategic decisions: 58 Comparison of the Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 Acceptances We use acceptances as a key operating metric to measure the volume of our completed Energy Server installation activity from period to period. We typically define an acceptance as when an Energy Server is installed and running at full power as defined in the customer contract or the financing agreements. For orders where a third party performs the installation, acceptances are generally achieved when the Energy Servers are shipped. The product acceptances in the periods were as follows: Product accepted increase d by approximately 21 systems, or 8.9% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Acceptance volume increase d as we installed more systems from backlog as demand increased for our Bloom Energy servers, in addition to enhancing our ability and capacity to install more energy servers with our installation team. As discussed in the Purchase and Lease Programs above, our customers have several purchase options for our Energy Servers. The portion of acceptances attributable to each purchase option in the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was as follows: 59 As discussed in the Purchase and Lease Programs above, our customers have several purchase options for our Energy Servers. The portion of total revenue attributable to each purchase option in the period was as follows: Billings Related to Our Products Billings for product accepted increased by approximately $5.0 million , or 4.7% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . The increase was primarily driven by the increase in product accepted. Product accepted increased by approximately 21 systems, or 8.9% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Billings for installation on product accepted increased $0.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Although product acceptances in the period increased 8.9% , billings for installation on product accepted increased 1.0% due to the mix in installation billings driven by site complexity, site size, customer financing option, personalized applications and customer option to complete the installation of our Energy Servers themselves. Billings for annual maintenance service agreements increased $2.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was driven primarily by the increase in our installed base. Costs Related to Our Products Product costs of product accepted decrease d by approximately $692 per kilowatt , or 21.6% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . The product cost reduction was driven generally by our ongoing cost reduction efforts to reduce material costs in conjunction with our suppliers and our reduction in labor and overhead costs through improved processes and automation at our manufacturing facilities. Period costs of manufacturing related expenses decrease d by approximately $0.6 million , or 8.4% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Our period costs of manufacturing related expenses decrease d primarily as a result of higher absorption of fixed manufacturing costs into product costs due to a larger volume of builds through our factory tied to our acceptance growth, which resulted in higher factory utilization. 60 Installation costs on product accepted increase d by approximately $108 per kilowatt , or 16.0% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Each customer site is different and installation costs can vary due to a number of factors, including site complexity, size, location of gas, personalized applications, customer option to complete the installation of our Energy Servers themselves. As such, installation on a per kilowatt basis can vary significantly from period-to-period. 61 Results of Operations A discussion regarding the comparison of our financial condition and results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 is presented below. Comparison of the Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 Revenue Total Revenue Total revenue increase d by approximately $9.7 million , or 6.6% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was driven primarily by the increase in product acceptances of approximately 21 systems, or 8.9% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 , offset partially by the decrease in electricity revenue which was a result of the decommissioning and deconsolidation of the existing Energy Servers during the PPA II upgrade of Energy Servers. Electricity revenue is driven from our former Bloom Electrons program, which included PPA II. When these PPAs were decommissioned, we no longer recognized electricity revenue for them. Product Revenue Product revenue increase d by approximately $8.6 million , or 9.5% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was driven by the increase in product acceptances of approximately 21 systems, or 8.9% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 . Installation Revenue Installation revenue increase d by approximately $4.4 million , or 36.0% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was driven by the increase in product acceptances of approximately 21 systems, or 8.9% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and due to the change in mix of installations driven by international sales, where our partners perform the installation, as well as site complexity, site size, customer financing option, and customer option to complete the installation of our Energy Servers themselves. Service Revenue Service revenue increase d by approximately $1.7 million , or 7.2% for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This was primarily due to the increase in the number of annual maintenance contract renewals driven by our growing fleet of installed Energy Servers. Electricity Revenue Electricity revenue decrease d by approximately $5.0 million , or 24.6% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 , due to a reduction in electricity revenues resulting from the decommissioning and deconsolidation of the existing Energy Servers during the PPA II upgrade of Energy Servers. Electricity revenue is driven from our former Bloom Electrons program, which included PPA II, as well as from our Managed Services agreements. When PPAs are decommissioned, we no longer recognize electricity revenue for them. 62 Cost of Revenue Total Cost of Revenue Total cost of revenue decrease d by approximately $8.7 million , or 6.0% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Included as a component of total cost of revenue, stock-based compensation decreased approximately $12.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Total cost of revenue, excluding stock-based compensation, increased approximately $4.1 million , or 3.3% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 driven by the increase in product acceptances of approximately 21 systems, and due to the increase in service cost of revenue from an increased installed base. Cost of Product Revenue Cost of product revenue decrease d by approximately $16.3 million , or 18.3% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Included as a component of cost of product revenue, stock-based compensation decreased approximately $11.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Cost of product revenue, excluding stock-based compensation, decreased approximately $4.4 million , or 5.9% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 despite an increase in product acceptances due to ongoing cost reduction efforts to reduce material, labor and overhead costs. Cost of Installation Revenue Cost of installation revenue increase d by approximately $5.0 million , or 31.8% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 , primarily due to the increase in product acceptances of approximately 21 systems, or 8.9% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and due to the change in mix of installations driven by site complexity, size, location of gas, and customer option to complete the installation of our Energy Servers themselves. . Cost of Service Revenue Cost of service revenue increase d by approximately $3.0 million , or 10.9% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase in service cost was primarily due to more power module replacements required in the fleet as our fleet of installed Energy Servers grows with acceptances and additional extended service contracts are executed and renewed. Cost of Electricity Revenue Cost of electricity revenue decrease d by approximately $0.5 million , or 3.5% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 , mainly due to the decommissioning and deconsolidation of Energy Servers associated with the PPA II upgrade of Energy Servers in 2019 , offset by the increase in MSA acceptances which result in costs of electricity revenue recognized over the period of the related agreement. 63 Gross Profit (Loss) Total Gross Profit Gross profit improve d $18.4 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Included as a component of total cost of revenue, stock-based compensation decreased approximately $12.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Total gross profit, excluding stock-based compensation, increased approximately $5.6 million , or 28.0% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 due to the increase in product acceptances and lower product cost driven by ongoing cost reduction activities. Product Gross Profit Product gross profit increase d $24.9 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Excluding stock-based compensation, product gross profit increased $13.0 million , or 76.3% in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was generally due to the increase in product acceptances and lower product cost driven by ongoing cost reduction activities. Installation Gross Loss Installation gross loss decreased $0.6 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Excluding stock-based compensation, install gross loss increased $1.7 million , or 103.6% in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 driven by the increase in acceptances. Service Gross Loss Service gross loss increased $1.4 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was primarily due to an increase in service cost driven primarily by the timing of our service schedule for power module replacements required in our fleet of installed Energy Servers. Electricity Gross Profit Electricity gross profit decreased $4.6 million , or 61.6% in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 , mainly due to the decommissioning of Energy Servers associated with the PPA II upgrade in 2019. 64 Operating Expenses Total Operating Expenses Total operating expenses decrease d $22.0 million , or 24.9% , in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Included as a component of total operating expenses, stock-based compensation expenses decrease d approximately $32.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . The decrease in stock-based compensation expense is primarily attributable to a lower stock-based compensation charge attributed to a one-time employee grant of restricted stock units ("RSUs") awarded prior to IPO with a performance condition of an IPO of the Company's securities. These RSUs have a two-year vesting period starting on the day of IPO and were issued as an employee retention vehicle to bring our stock-based compensation in line with our peer group. These RSUs will complete their vesting in July of 2020, and the stock-based compensation charge associated with these RSUs decreases quarter-over-quarter until the final vesting date. In addition to the one-time grant, the stock-based compensation includes some previously granted RSUs with vesting beginning upon the completion of our IPO. Total operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, increase d approximately $10.0 million , or 25.8% , in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was primarily due to compensation related expenses associated with hiring new employees, investments for next generation servers and customer personalized application technology development, expenses related to our demand generation functions and expenses related to our public company readiness. The increase also includes one-time expenses associated with restatement related expenses. Research and Development Research and development expenses decrease d by approximately $5.6 million , or 19.3% , in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Included as a component of research and development expenses, stock-based compensation expenses decrease d by approximately $8.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Total research and development expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, increase d by approximately $2.6 million , or 17.5% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was primarily due to compensation-related expenses for hiring new employees and investments made for our next generation technology development, sustaining engineering projects for the current Energy Server platform, and investments made for customer personalized applications, such as microgrid and storage solutions, and new fuel solutions utilizing biogas. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses decrease d by approximately $6.4 million , or 31.5% , in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Included as a component of sales and marketing expenses, stock-based compensation expenses decrease d by approximately $7.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Total sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, increase d by approximately $1.2 million , or 13.5% , for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was primarily due to compensation expenses related to hiring new employees and expenses related to efforts to increase demand and raise market awareness of our Energy Server solutions, expanding outbound communications, as well as efforts to attract new customer financing partners. 65 General and Administrative General and administrative expenses decrease d by approximately $10.0 million , or 25.5% , in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Included as a component of general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation expenses decrease d by approximately $16.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Total general and administrative expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, increase d by approximately $6.3 million , or 40.9% for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . The increase in general and administrative expenses was mainly due to increased personnel costs and fees for restatement related expenses. Stock-Based Compensation Total stock-based compensation decrease d $44.8 million , or 66.1% , in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Of the $23.0 million in stock-based compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2020 , approximately $6.7 million was related to one-time employee grants of RSUs that were issued at the time of our IPO and that have a two-year vesting period. These RSUs provided us an employee retention vehicle to bring our stock-based compensation in line with our peer group. In addition, the stock-based compensation included some previously granted RSUs that vested upon the completion of our IPO. Other Income and Expense Total Other Expense Total other expense increased $13.3 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was primarily due to the loss on extinguishment of debt of $14.1 million. Interest Income Interest income decreased $1.1 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This decrease was primarily due to the decrease in cash balances. 66 Interest Expense Interest expense decreased $1.0 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This decrease was primarily due to lower amortization expense of our debt derivatives and a decrease in interest expense with the debt buy-out due to the PPA II and PPA IIIb upgrades. Interest Expense, Related Parties Interest expense, related parties decreased $0.2 million the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 due to the conversion of $40.1 million of our 8% Notes from related parties into equity at the time of the IPO. Other Income (Expense), net Other income (expense), net increased $0.3 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 , due to changes in foreign currency translation expense. Loss on Extinguishment of Debt Loss on extinguishment of debt of $14.1 million was recorded in the three months ended March 31, 2020 . There was no debt extinguishment in the three months ended March 31, 2019 . Gain (Loss) on Revaluation of Embedded Derivatives Gain on revaluation of embedded derivatives increased $0.8 million in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . This increase was primarily due to the change in fair value of our sales contracts EPP derivatives valued using historical grid prices and available forecasts of future electricity prices to estimate future electricity prices. Provision for Income Taxes Income tax provision decrease d in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 , and was primarily due to fluctuations in the effective tax rates on income earned by international entities. Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total loss attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $1.9 million , or 48.6% , in the three months ended March 31, 2020 , as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2019 . The net loss increased due to increased losses in our PPA Entities which are allocated to our noncontrolling interests. 67 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of March 31, 2020 , we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $3.0 billion . We have financed our operations, including the costs of acquisition and installation of Energy Servers, mainly through a variety of financing arrangements and PPA Entities, credit facilities from banks, sales of our common stock, debt financings and cash generated from our operations. As of March 31, 2020 , we had $443.4 million of total outstanding recourse debt, $237.3 million of non-recourse debt and $28.5 million of other long-term liabilities. See Note 7, Outstanding Loans and Security Agreements , in Item 1, Financial Statements for a complete description of our outstanding debt. As of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, we had cash and cash equivalents of $180.3 million and $202.8 million, respectively. In March 2020, we successfully extended the maturity of our outstanding 10% Convertible Notes, our 10% Constellation Note and additionally entered into a note purchase agreement to issue $70.0 million of 10.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2027 in a private placement that was subsequently completed on May 1, 2020. The combination of our existing cash and cash equivalents, the extension of the 10% Convertible Notes and 10% Constellation Note modification to December 2021, and the proceeds from the 10.25% Senior Secured Notes are expected to be sufficient to meet our operational and capital cash flow requirements and other cash flow needs for at least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. As of March 31, 2020, the current portion of our total debt is $26.2 million. For additional information refer to Note 7, Outstanding Loans and Security Agreements , in Item 1, Financial Statements. Our future cash flow requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the timing and extent of spending on research and development efforts and other business initiatives, the rate of growth in the volume of system builds, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, market acceptance of our products, the timing of receipt by us of distributions from our PPA Entities and overall economic conditions including the impact of COVID-19 on our future operations, as described in the COVID-19 Pandemic section above. We do not expect to receive significant cash distributions from our PPA Entities. For additional information refer to Note 13, Power Purchase Agreement Programs, in Item 1 , Financial Statements. Cash Flows A summary of our sources and uses of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is as follows (in thousands): Net cash provided by (used in) our variable interest entities (the PPA Entities) which are incorporated into the consolidated statements of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows (in thousands): 1 The PPA Entities' operating and financing cash flows are a subset of our consolidated cash flows and represents the stand-alone cash flows prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Operating activities consist principally of cash used to run the operations of the PPA Entities, the purchase of Energy Servers from us and principal reductions in loan balances. Financing activities consist primarily of changes in debt carried by our PPAs, and payments from and distributions to noncontrolling partnership interests. We believe this presentation of net cash provided by 68 (used in) PPA activities is useful to provide the reader with the impact to consolidated cash flows of the PPA Entities in which we have only a minority interest. Operating Activities Net cash used by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2020 was $27.9 million and was primarily the result of net cash loss of $26.5 million plus the net increase in working capital of $1.5 million . Net cash loss is primarily comprised of a net loss of $81.6 million , adjusted for non-cash benefit items including: (i) depreciation and amortization of $13.0 million ; (ii) a loss on revaluation of derivative contracts of $0.2 million ; (iii) stock-based compensation of $23.0 million ; (iv) net loss on extinguishment of debt of $14.1 million ; and (v) amortization of debt issuance cost of $4.8 million . Net cash used by changes in working capital consisted primarily of increases in: (i) deferred cost of revenue of $19.5 million ; and (ii) other long-term assets of $2.9 million . These uses of cash from working capital were mostly offset by decreases in: (i) accounts receivable of $2.1 million ; (ii) inventories of $2.1 million ; (iii) customer financing receivable of $1.2 million ; (iv) prepaid expenses and other current assets of $3.1 million ; plus increases in: (vi) accounts payable of $4.8 million ; accrued warranty of $0.7 ; (vii) accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $0.5 million ; (viii) deferred revenue and customer deposits of $5.3 million , and (ix) other long-term liabilities of $1.2 million . Net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2019 was $9.8 million and was the result of net cash loss of $21.4 million partially offset by the net increase in working capital of $11.6 million . Net cash loss is primarily comprised of a net loss of $108.8 million , adjusted for non-cash benefit items including: (i) depreciation and amortization of approximately $14.2 million ; (ii) stock-based compensation of $67.8 million ; and (iii) amortization of debt issuance cost of $5.2 million . Net cash provided from changes in working capital consisted primarily of decreases in: (i) accounts receivable of $4.1 million ; (ii) inventory of $11.1 million ; and (iii) customer financing receivable and other of $1.3 million ; (iv) prepaid expenses and other current assets of $6.6 million ; plus an increase in: (v) deferred revenue and customer deposits of $1.2 million ; and (vi) other long term liabilities of $4.2 million . These sources of cash from working capital were partially offset by increases in: (i) deferred cost of revenue of $11.1 million ; and (ii) other long-term assets of $0.4 million ; plus decreases in: (iv) accounts payable of $2.5 million ; (v) accrued warranty of $2.7 million ; and (vi) accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $0.4 million . Investing Activities Net cash used by investing activities in the three March 31, 2020 was $12.4 million entirely related to the purchase of long-lived assets. Net cash provided by investing activities in the three March 31, 2019 was $91.7 million which was primarily the result of net proceeds from maturities of marketable securities of $104.5 million , partially offset by $12.8 million used for the purchase of long-lived assets. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities in the three March 31, 2020 was $16.8 million which included borrowings from issuance of debt to related parties of $30.0 million and proceeds from issuance of common stock of $4.8 million . This was partially offset by distributions paid to our PPA Equity Investors of $4.3 million , repayments of debt of $11.2 million , and repayment of financing obligation of $2.5 million . Net cash provided by financing activities in the three March 31, 2019 was $7.6 million and resulted primarily from proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $7.5 million and the net proceeds from financing obligations of $9.1 million , partially offset by distributions paid to our PPA Equity Investors of $3.2 million , and repayments of long-term debt of $5.8 million . 69 Outstanding Loans and Security Agreements The following is a summary of our debt as of March 31, 2020 (in thousands): * Note that $70.0 million of this amount was due on or before September 1, 2020, but as it was repaid on May 1, 2020 with the proceeds from long-term debt, as described below, this amount has also been classified as long-term in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2020. See Note 17, Subsequent Events for additional information. Recourse debt refers to debt that Bloom Energy Corporation has an obligation to pay. Non-recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse to only specified assets or our subsidiaries. The differences between the unpaid principal balances and the net carrying values apply to debt discounts and deferred financing costs. We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 . Recourse Debt Facilities LIBOR + 4% Term Loan due November 2020 - In May 2013, we entered into a $5.0 million credit agreement and a $12.0 million financing agreement to help fund the building of a new facility in Newark, Delaware. The $5.0 million credit agreement expired in December 2016. The $12.0 million financing agreement has a term of 90 months , payable monthly at a variable rate equal to one month LIBOR plus the applicable margin. The weighted average interest rate as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was 5.7% and 6.3% , respectively. The loan requires monthly payments and is secured by the manufacturing facility. In addition, the credit agreements also include a cross-default provision which provides that the remaining balance of borrowings under the agreements will be due and payable immediately if a lien is placed on the Newark facility in the event we default on any indebtedness in excess of $100,000 individually or $300,000 in the aggregate. Under the terms of these credit agreements, we are required to comply with various restrictive covenants. As of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 , the unpaid principal balance of debt outstanding was $1.1 million and $1.6 million , respectively. 10% Constellation Convertible Promissory Note due 2021 (originally 8% Convertible Promissory Notes) - Between December 2014 and June 2016, we issued $193.2 million of three -year convertible promissory notes (" 8% Notes ") to certain investors. The 8% Notes had a fixed interest rate of 8% compounded monthly, due at maturity or at the election of the investor with accrued interest due in December of each year. On January 18, 2018, amendments were finalized to extend the maturity dates for all the 8% Notes to December 2019. At the same time, the portion of the notes that was held by Constellation NewEnergy, Inc. ("Constellation") was extended to December 2020 and the interest rate decreased from 8% to 5% ("5% Notes"). Investors held the right to convert the unpaid principal and accrued interest of both the 8% Notes and 5% Notes to Series G convertible preferred stock at any time at the price of $38.64 per share . In July 2018, upon our IPO, the $221.6 million of principal and accrued interest of outstanding 5% Notes automatically converted into additional paid-in capital, the conversion of which included all the related-party noteholders. The 5% Notes converted to shares of Series G convertible preferred stock and, concurrently, each such share of Series G convertible preferred stock converted automatically into one share of Class B common stock. Upon our IPO, conversions of 5,734,440 shares of 70 Class B common stock were issued and the 5% Notes were retired. Constellation, the holder of the 5% Notes (