8-K 1 form8-k.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 19, 2021 MARATHON DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (800) 804-1690 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company [ ] If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 8-K and other reports filed by Registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the “Filings”) contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, Registrant’s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Registrant’s management. When used in the Filings the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “future,” “intend,” “plan” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to Registrant or Registrant’s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors relating to Registrant’s industry, Registrant’s operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by Registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. Although Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, Registrant cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, Registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Item 4.01 Changes in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant. (a) Dismissal of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Effective July 19, 2021, the Audit Committee of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) approved the dismissal of RBSM, LLP (“RBSM”) as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, effective on July 19, 2021. The audit reports of RBSM on the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, other than a qualification for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 and the subsequent interim period through July 19, 2021, there have been no “disagreements” (within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between the Company and RBSM on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of RBSM would have caused RBSM to make reference thereto in its reports on the consolidated financial statements for such years. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 and through July 19, 2021, there have been no “reportable events” (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). The Company provided RBSM with a copy of the disclosure it is making herein in response to Item 304(a) of Regulation S-K prior to filing this report, and requested that RBSM furnish the Company with a copy of its letter addressed to the Commission, pursuant to Item 304(a)(3) of Regulation S-K, stating whether or not RBSM agrees with the statements related to RBSM made by the Company in this report. A copy of RBSM’s letter to the Commission dated July 21, 2021 is attached as Exhibit 16.1 to this report. (b) Engagement of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Effective as of July 19, 2021, the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors approved the appointment of Marcum LLP (“Marcum”) as the Company’s new independent registered public accounting firm to perform independent audit services for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 and through July 19, 2021, neither the Company, nor anyone acting on its behalf, consulted Marcum regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered with respect to the consolidated financial statements of the Company, and no written report or oral advice was provided to the Company by Marcum that was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was the subject of a “disagreement” (within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) or a “reportable event” (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). Item 9.01 – Financial Statements and Exhibits. Exhibit 16.1 Letter from RBSM, LLP dated July 21, 2021. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Date: July 22, 2021