8-K false 0001299130 0001299130 2021-04-27 2021-04-27 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) April 27, 2021 Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (650) 521-8000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ ITEM 8.01. OTHER EVENTS. On April 27, 2021, Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing that the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has nominated Hannah A. Valantine, M.D. to stand for election to the Board as a Class II director at the Company’s 2021 Annual Meeting. Dr. Michael Hunkapiller, currently a Class II director, is not standing for re-election, but will continue to serve as a member of the Board until the expiration of his current term ending on the date of the 2021 Annual Meeting. Dr. Valantine currently serves as Professor of Medicine (Cardiovascular) at the Stanford University Medical Center, where she has been a faculty member since 1987. From April 2014 to September 2020, Dr. Valantine served as Chief Officer for Scientific Workforce Diversity at the National Institutes of Health, and as a Senior Investigator in the Intramural Research Program at the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute. From November 2004 to April 2014, Dr. Valantine was Professor of Cardiovascular Medicine and the Senior Associate Dean for Diversity and Leadership at Stanford. Dr. Valantine also serves as Principal and Founder of HAV LLC, a consulting company for diversity, equity and inclusion that she founded in January 2021. There are no family relationships between Dr. Valantine and any director or executive officer of the Company, and Dr. Valantine was not nominated by the Board to serve as a director pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with any person. Dr. Valantine has not engaged in any transaction that would be reportable as a related party transaction under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. More information about Dr. Valantine and the 2021 Annual Meeting will be available in the Company’s proxy statement. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. Important Additional Information and Where You Can Find It The Company will furnish its proxy statement and a proxy card for its 2021 Annual Meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at the 2021 Annual Meeting, and will file the proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). This communication is not a substitute for the proxy statement or any other document that the Company may file with the SEC or send to its stockholders. Before making any voting decision, stockholders should carefully read the proxy statement (including any supplements or amendments), and any other relevant documents that the Company may file with the SEC when they become available, because they will contain important information. Copies of the proxy statement (when it becomes available), any solicitation materials and any other documents filed by the Company with the SEC will be made available free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These documents will also be made available free of charge on the “Investors Relations” section of the Company’s website at investor.pacificbiosciences.com or by directing a request to the attention of Investor Relations, Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc., 1305 O’Brien Drive, Menlo Park, CA 94025. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to its 2021 Annual Meeting. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and any such forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the following cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report and are based on current expectations and involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Readers are strongly encouraged to read the full cautionary statements contained in the Company’s filings with the SEC. The Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. ITEM 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.