8-K Bloom Energy Corp NYSE false 0001664703 0001664703 2020-08-06 2020-08-06 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 6, 2020 BLOOM ENERGY CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 4353 North First Street San Jose , CA 95134 (Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (408) 543-1500 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). ☒ Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ On August 11, 2020, Bloom Energy Corporation (the “ Company ”) issued $200,000,000 principal amount of its 2.50% Green Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the “ Notes ”). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the “ Indenture ”), dated as of August 11, 2020, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”). In addition, pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the initial purchaser of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchaser an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the Notes are first issued, up to an additional $30,000,000 principal amount of Notes. The Notes will be the Company’s senior, unsecured obligations and will be (i) equal in right of payment with the Company’s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company’s future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company’s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company’s subsidiaries. The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 2.50% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2021. The Notes will mature on August 15, 2025, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before the close of business on the business day immediately before May 15, 2025, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after May 15, 2025, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its Class A common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its Class A common stock, at the Company’s election. The initial conversion rate is 61.6808 shares of Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $16.21 per share of Class A common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a “Make-Whole Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company’s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after August 21, 2023 and on or before the 26 th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s Class A common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price on (1) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted during the related redemption conversion period. If certain corporate events that constitute a “Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company’s Class A common stock. The Notes will have customary provision relating to the occurrence of “Events of Default” (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, will be subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Company’s failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the Company’s failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Company’s ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least $15,000,000; and (vi) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of the Company’s significant subsidiaries. If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 180 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% on the principal amount of the Notes. The above description of the Indenture and the Notes is a summary and is not complete. A copy of the Indenture and the form of the certificate representing the Notes are filed as exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the above summary is qualified by reference to the terms of the Indenture and the Notes set forth in such exhibits. The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Notes were issued to the initial purchaser in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”) in transactions not involving any public offering. The Notes were initially resold by the initial purchaser to persons whom the initial purchaser reasonably believes are “qualified institutional buyers,” as defined in, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of the Company’s Class A common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Initially, a maximum of 17,733,230 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes (assuming the initial purchaser exercises its option to purchase additional Notes in full), based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 77.1010 shares of Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. On August 6, 2020, the Company issued a press release announcing its intention to offer the Notes in a private offering that is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. On August 6, 2020, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Notes in a private offering that is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference. (d) Exhibits. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.