bngo-20240301 false 0001411690 0001411690 2024-03-01 2024-03-01 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 1, 2024 Bionano Genomics, Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 858 ) 888-7600 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On March 5, 2024, Bionano Genomics, Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing certain performance results for the fourth quarter of 2023 and for the year ended December 31, 2023. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1and incorporated herein by reference. The information contained or incorporated in this Item 2.02 to Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 2.05 Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. On March 1, 2024, the Company committed to a corporate reorganization plan (the “Plan”), including a reduction in force (the “Reduction”) intended to decrease expenses and maintain a streamlined organization to support key programs that are expected to drive long-term growth. As part of the Reduction, the Company expects to reduce its overall headcount by approximately 110 to 125 employees, which represents approximately 34% to 39% of its full-time employees as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to the Reduction, Bionano Laboratories intends to phase out the offering of certain testing services related to neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism spectrum disorders and other disorders of childhood development (the “Products”). The Products generated revenues of approximately 19.4% of the Company's total revenues in the year ended December 31, 2023. These cost-saving measures from the Plan are incremental to the cost saving initiatives previously announced in May 2023 and October 2023 and are expected to provide additional annual savings of operating expenses, of approximately $35.0 to $40.0 million starting in the second half of 2024. At this time, the Company is unable to make a good faith determination of the cost estimates, or ranges of cost estimates, associated with all of the activities under the Plan as set forth in paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of Item 2.05 of Form 8-K. In accordance with paragraph (d) of Item 2.05, the Company will timely file an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K after its determination of such cost estimates or ranges of cost estimates. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate”, “believe,” “could”, “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential”, “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” or “would” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes and are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, projections, outlook, analyses or current expectations concerning, among other things: our expectations regarding our cost savings initiatives, the anticipated reduction in operating expenses and the timing of such impact, the timing of completion of the Reduction and discontinuation of the Products. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, investors and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as they involve inherent risk and uncertainty (both general and specific) and should note that they are provided as a general guide only and should not be relied on as an indication or guarantee of future performance. Actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected or implied in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such a difference include the risks and uncertainties associated with: the timing and amount of revenue we are able to recognize in a given fiscal period; our ability to obtain sufficient financing to fund our strategic plans and commercialization efforts and our ability to continue as a “going concern”; the impact of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events, such as the ongoing conflicts between Ukraine and Russia and Israel and Gaza and uncertain market conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, on our business and the global economy; general market conditions; changes in the competitive landscape and the introduction of competitive technologies or improvements to existing technologies; changes in our strategic and commercial plans; the ability of medical and research institutions to obtain funding to support adoption or continued use of our technologies; and the risks and uncertainties associated with our business and financial condition in general, including the risks and uncertainties described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and in other filings subsequently made by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date on which they were made and are based on management’s assumptions and estimates as of such date. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of the receipt of new information, the occurrence of future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.